Skip to main content Search Utility Search Toggle Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Smith College logo Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Smith's Economic Impact Academics Expand Academics Menu Departments, Programs, & Courses Our Approach To Learning Integrative Learning Our Faculty Academic Calendar Libraries Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Health & Wellness Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics & Recreation For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Arts Calendar Smith Quarterly Show all breadcrumbs Admission & Aid Breadcrumb Scroll Left Home Admission & Aid Tuition & Aid for Applicants Scroll Right Financial Aid as a First-Year Secondary Scroll Left In This Section First-Year Applicants Close Secondary Nav First-Year Applicants Expand First-Year Applicants Menu Financing Options for First Years Review Requests as a First Year Track Your Aid Application International Applicants Expand International Applicants Menu Financing Options for International Students Review Requests as an International Student Track Your Aid Application Transfer Applicants Expand Transfer Applicants Menu Financing Options as a Transfer Student Review Requests as a Transfer Student Track Your Aid Application Ada Comstock Scholar Applicants Expand Ada Comstock Scholar Applicants Menu Review Requests as an Ada Comstock Scholar Financing Options as an Ada Comstock Scholar Track Your Aid Application Undocumented Applicants Expand Undocumented Applicants Menu Financing Options as an Undocumented Student Review Requests as an Undocumented Student Track Your Aid Application Graduate Applicants Expand Graduate Applicants Menu Financing Options as a Graduate Student Track Your Aid Application More Smith College welcomes and supports qualified students from all economic backgrounds. As part of the college's commitment to access, affordability and equity, Smith has eliminated loans from its undergraduate financial aid packages for those students receiving institutional need-based aid, replacing those funds with institutional grants. The college will meet the full documented need, as determined by college policy, of all admitted students who apply for aid by the published deadlines. Smith is also proud to partner with QuestBridge , a platform that connects students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. This section is for prospective students applying for admission. If you are a current student, please go to the Student Financial Services website for financial aid deadlines and policies. Net Price Calculator Please visit our Net Price Calculator to give you an early indication of the type of financial aid for which you may qualify. Net Price Calculator Applying for Aid When to Apply You must not wait until you have been accepted to Smith to apply for aid. Any student who may need institutional financial assistance during their tenure at Smith should apply for aid by the financial aid deadlines. For applicants who meet the published deadlines, award notifications are sent with admission decisions. Applying for Aid After Deadlines Students from the United States who do not apply for financial aid by the published financial aid deadlines will be required to complete 64 credits earned at Smith before they are eligible to apply for institutional financial aid. This means that a student would be eligible to receive only federal, state, and outside aid for their first two years at Smith; no Smith grant aid would be available during that period. Federal Aid Information While you must complete the CSS Profile and submit tax returns to be considered for institutional aid, the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) is the only form required to apply for federal aid. It is free to complete the FAFSA and apply for federal aid. The FAFSA determines your eligibility for federal aid only. If your application is selected for verification by the Federal Government, additional requirements may apply. You may apply for federal financial aid at any point during the academic year. Most students at Smith who are eligible for need-based aid will also require Smith institutional aid in order to cover the cost of a Smith education. If you are hoping to receive grant aid in order to attend Smith, please complete all institutional requirements by the deadlines, as listed on our Apply For Financial Aid pages. Forms & Deadlines Form PDFs can be found at College Board's IDOC service or at Smith's financial aid portal (Net Partner) beginning in October. Instructions will be emailed to applicants after an admission application to Smith has been received by the Office of Admission. Applicants and parents, we've put together this helpful Financial Aid Checklis t to guide you through the 2027-28 financial aid process for first-year applicants. Any documentation that is sent to the SFS Office through Net Partner should be sent in PDF format. Other formats may be incompatible with our system. Expand all Collapse all Early Decision I Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile Opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 November 15 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile Opens On October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 November 15 FAFSA 2027-28 FAFSA Opens in October 2026 Smith College Code: 002209 November 15 (Residents of MA, VT: You must file FAFSA by state aid deadlines) 2025 signed parent federal tax returns, including all schedules (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If parents are not required to, and did not file taxes, please complete the Parent Non-Filer Form Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) November 15 2025 parent W-2s (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) November 15 2025 parent business tax returns, if appropriate (custodial and noncustodial) November 15 Trust Information Request (if applicable) November 15 All students are required to apply for state aid if eligible. Failure to complete all of the state requirements will result in a loss of state grant eligibility. Smith College will not replace this lost assistance due to failure to complete the necessary state requirements. Please note: If you are a U.S. citizen living abroad, your parent or parents must submit both U.S. tax returns and tax returns from your country of residence. If your parent or parents file taxes in only one country, submit that tax return. If your parent or parents earn income, but do not file taxes due to local regulations where you live, submit an income statement from your parent or parents' employer. Where to Send Forms After submitting the CSS Profile and FAFSA, forms should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to the applicant after admission application is received by Smith Office of Admission. Early Decision II Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 6 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 6 FAFSA 2027-28 FAFSA opens in October 2026 Smith College Code: 002209 January 6 (Residents of MA, VT: You must file FAFSA by state aid deadlines) 2025 signed parent federal tax returns, including all schedules (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If parents are not required to, and did not file taxes, please complete the Parent Non-Filer Form Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) January 6 2025 parent W-2s (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) January 6 2025 parent business tax returns, if appropriate (custodial and noncustodial) January 6 Trust Information Request (if applicable) January 6 All students are required to apply for state aid if eligible. Failure to complete all of the state requirements will result in a loss of state grant eligibility. Smith College will not replace this lost assistance due to failure to complete the necessary state requirements. Please note: If you are a U.S. citizen living abroad, your parent or parents must submit both U.S. tax returns and tax returns from your country of residence. If your parent or parents file taxes in only one country, submit that tax return. If your parent or parents earn income, but do not file taxes due to local regulations where you live, submit an income statement from your parent or parents' employer. Where to Send Documents After submitting the CSS Profile and FAFSA, documents should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to the applicant after admission application is received by Smith Office of Admission. Regular Decision Document Due CSS PROFILE 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 25 CSS PROFILE for Noncustodial Parents 2027-28 CSS Profile opens on October 1 Smith College Code: 3762 January 25 FAFSA 2027-28 FAFSA Opens in October 2026 Smith College Code: 002209 January 25 (Residents of MA, VT: You must file FAFSA by state aid deadlines) 2025 signed parent federal tax returns, including all schedules (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) If parents are not required to, and did not file taxes, please complete the Parent Non-Filer Form Parent Non-Filer Form (2025) January 25 2025 parent W-2s (custodial and noncustodial, if appropriate) January 25 2025 parent business tax returns, if appropriate (custodial and noncustodial) January 25 Trust Information Request (if applicable) January 25 All students are required to apply for state aid if eligible. Failure to complete all of the state requirements will result in a loss of state grant eligibility. Smith College will not replace this lost assistance due to failure to complete the necessary state requirements. Please note: If you are a U.S. citizen living abroad, your parent or parents must submit both U.S. tax returns and tax returns from your country of residence. If your parent or parents file taxes in only one country, submit that tax return. If your parent or parents earn income, but do not file taxes due to local regulations where you live, submit an income statement from your parent or parents' employer. Where to Send Documents After submitting the CSS Profile and FAFSA, documents should be sent to College Board's document imaging service Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). Financial aid documents are to be uploaded electronically to IDOC or mailed directly to IDOC, where they will be scanned and sent electronically to Smith. College Board will send IDOC instructions via email to applicants who have completed the CSS PROFILE. To ensure deadlines are met, please complete the CSS PROFILE prior to the deadline so that documents can be uploaded to IDOC by our deadline. For more information, please visit the IDOC website . Net Partner (Smith's financial aid portal). Instructions will be emailed to the applicant after admission application is received by Smith Office of Admission. Types of Aid Scroll Left Grant Aid Merit Aid Student Employment Outside Aid Scroll Right Grants are need-based and do not need to be repaid. Students may receive grants from a variety of sources, including Smith College and federal and state sources. In order to be considered for Smith College grants, you must apply for financial aid by the published deadlines, prior to admission. Expand all Collapse all Smith College Grants The grant amount is based on a family's financial need as determined by Smith College through the financial aid application process. Most Smith grants come from funds given for this purpose by alumnae and friends of the college and by foundations and corporations. If you are a recipient of one of these named scholarships, you will be contacted by the Office of Donor Relations. You will be asked to complete an online questionnaire about your Smith experience. Your timely response is important. If you have any questions, contact DonorRelations@smith.edu . Federal Pell Grants In order to qualify for a Pell Grant, students must be enrolled at least half-time without a prior bachelor's degree. The award is based on need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Pell Grants replace Smith Grant eligibility dollar for dollar. Federal SEOG Grants This grant is for Pell-eligible students and priority is given to students who also receive Smith College grants. The amount awarded varies depending on current funding levels from federal sources. State Grants State grants are available to undergraduate students from Massachusetts and Vermont. State grants replace Smith Grants dollar for dollar. The award is based on need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and state criteria. Students from these states who apply for Smith College aid are also required to apply for state grants. Deadlines and required forms differ by state. Contact your state office of financial aid for specific details. Smith cannot replace any state grants lost because of a failure to meet deadlines or comply with federal or state requirements. State Resources Massachusetts Office of Student Financial Assistance Vermont Student Assistance Corporation Health Grant Undergraduate students with extremely high need who do not have outside health insurance coverage may be eligible for a health grant to cover the cost of health insurance through Smith College. If you need assistance with the health insurance charge and feel you may qualify, please contact us at sfs@smith.edu . Trustee Grant The trustees of Smith College offer tuition assistance to the daughters of current residents of Northampton or Hatfield, Massachusetts. To be eligible they must have lived in these towns for at least five years and remain residents. The Trustee Grant is set at one-half of the annual tuition (limited to one-half of the tuition amount charged per semester). This is available to students of traditional age who are enrolled full-time at Smith. The Trustee Grant does not follow a student for off-campus study. If you receive funding from this grant you are responsible for this amount during the time you are studying away from the college. Smith College offers a limited number of awards based on merit rather than need. All applicants for admission are automatically considered; there are no special application forms. Students are selected by the Office of Admission and must maintain satisfactory academic progress in order to have their scholarships renewed annually. Merit aid is only offered at the time of admission. Expand all Collapse all Impact on Need-Based Aid Merit scholarships are considered a resource when determining eligibility for need-based financial aid. For example, if a student has $15,000 of calculated need and receives the Stride Scholarship for $22,500, this student would not receive need-based aid since the scholarship exceeds the need. Students who have need-based aid eligibility above and beyond the amount of merit scholarships will receive need-based aid to cover the difference. Dora Windes Zollman Scholarship The Zollman Scholarship is the college's highest academic scholarship. This scholarship is half of the tuition cost for four years and is awarded to fewer than ten first-year students based on their exceptional promise for Smith. Zollman Scholars are also invited to participate in the STRIDE paid research program. This scholarship is available to U.S. citizens. STRIDE Scholarships The STRIDE Program offers students with outstanding academic and personal qualifications a close working relationship with a faculty or non-faculty member at Smith College. This scholarship of $22,500 per year (limited to $11,250 per semester of enrollment) for four years is awarded to approximately 50 students each year. In addition to the scholarship, students are also given an opportunity to be a research assistant with an annual stipend of $3,000 each year (effective Fall 2023) for two years at Smith College. Smith Presidential Scholarship Each year a select number of applicants are identified as outstanding candidates and are awarded the Smith Presidential Scholarship. Entering first-year Presidential Scholars receive a merit-based award of $12,000 annually ($6,000/semester) for four years. Continuation of the Presidential Scholarship each year is contingent upon maintaining good academic standing. Springfield/Holyoke Partnership This partnership provides up to four full-tuition scholarships for students from public schools in Springfield and Holyoke, Massachusetts. All students who apply to Smith from these schools will be automatically considered. This scholarship is available to U.S. citizens. The student employment component of a financial aid award represents the opportunity to have a job on campus or through one of our off-campus employment partners. You are responsible for finding a position that aligns with your preferences and schedule, and are encouraged to apply early for the best selection of jobs. First-year students, depending on type of work-study, may work all over campus and off campus in a wide variety of jobs, including but not limited to jobs in Dining Services, academic offices, groundskeeping, the library systems, and America Reads tutoring program. Incoming first year students may find it convenient to obtain their desired hours in the many shifts Dining Services has available as the largest employer on campus. They will offer incoming students the opportunity to sign up for shifts upon arrival on campus which will free first years up to concentrate on the many aspects of settling in on campus and beginning their academic schedule. You may work to earn money for books and supplies, to put towards your tuition accounts, or for personal spending money. There is no obligation to work all or any of the hours awarded, though income not earned is not replaced with other aid. For information about work-study at Smith College, see Student Employment . Outside aid will first reduce or replace the work study portion of your award. If the outside aid exceeds the total work component of your award, we will allow the aid to go toward a one-time computer purchase, or toward the cost of the Smith College Health Insurance (unless you receive a health grant). Any amount of outside aid in excess of the work component of your award plus these costs if applicable will replace Smith Grant dollar for dollar. State or federal grant assistance reduces Smith Grant dollar for dollar. Outside aid includes outside awards based on student merit, as well as tuition subsidies based on parent employment (Tuition Benefits). If you receive any assistance from an organization outside of the college, this aid must be taken into consideration in calculating your financial aid award. You are required to report all outside aid to the Student Financial Services office using the Outside Aid Form . Once you notify us of any aid which is expected to be sent directly to the college, we will add the anticipated amount to the student account as a pending credit, reducing the amount due. If the aid is expected to be late, please notify us so we can extend the pending credit. Any amounts expected but not received are the responsibility of the student. Outside aid, based on either student merit or parent employment (e.g.: employee tuition benefits), will first reduce or replace the self-help portion of your award (federal work-study). If outside aid is in excess of self-help, we will allow it to go toward the cost of the Smith health insurance plan or a one-time computer purchase. Any amount of outside aid in excess of self-help and these costs will reduce Smith Grant dollar for dollar. Expand all Collapse all Resources The resources listed below are here for your convenience. Smith does not endorse a particular aid source. Also, please visit the Smith Social Network to view more scholarship opportunities (you will be required to be logged into the Smith portal for access). Searches U.S. Department of Education The Federal Student Aid Office website provides a free scholarship search FastWeb A nationwide scholarship search engine Scholarships and Grants.US Scholarship and financial aid resources to students preparing for all types of careers Scholarships.com Free scholarship search Scholarships Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship A program that provides awards for U.S. undergraduates receiving Pell grant funding in a two- or four-year college or university to participate in study-abroad programs worldwide. Gates Millennium Scholars A highly competitive program for students of high academic achievement and leadership potential who have significant financial need Big Y Scholarships Scholarships are available to high school seniors, undergraduates, graduates, community college and nontraditional students. Open to Big Y customers and their dependents and Big Y employees and their dependents. AES Scholarship AES Engineering offers scholarships to motivated students Scholarship America Scholarship America works directly with students, parents, colleges, businesses and communities to help students fulfill their college dreams. Veterans Benefits Educational Benefits Smith College will consider any veteran's educational benefit as a resource for financial aid. This means that financial assistance offered through Smith may be reduced when the amount of Veteran's Administration (VA) benefits are factored into the award. This will apply to any institutional financial aid awarded. Our normal treatment for outside aid is to reduce or eliminate your self-help aid (loans or work-study). If your outside aid goes beyond these adjustments, Smith grant assistance will be reduced dollar for dollar. However, most VA educational benefits are exempt from being considered as a resource for determining federal financial aid funding levels. This means you may be allowed to keep a subsidized federal loan and federal work study, but could have a reduction in any grant assistance offered by Smith. Smith College merit awards are excluded from this treatment. Students requesting certification must fill out a Veterans Certification Request form and submit it to the Office of the Registrar along with their VA Certificate of Eligibility. Veterans Certification Request Form (PDF) Yellow Ribbon Benefits Smith College is proud to be a sponsor of the Yellow Ribbon Program for our nation's veterans. This program was created as part of the post 9/11 Veterans Educational Act of 2008. Smith has made a commitment to both undergraduate and graduate students. Students seeking either a bachelor's or master's degree can apply for assistance through this program. Students must complete a Yellow Ribbon Benefits Request form to be considered. Funding is limited and will be issued on a first-come, first-served basis. Awarding will be determined by the date and time this form is returned to the appropriate office. Any student applying for this benefit is encouraged to fax or email the completed form. This program is only open to those veterans who have met the necessary qualifications for enrollment in this program. Eligibility criteria can be viewed on the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs website . Yellow Ribbon Benefits Request Form (PDF) Any student awarded funding through the Yellow Ribbon Program will continue to receive this benefit as long as they remain in good academic standing and Smith continues to participate in the program. Students must also have a remaining entitlement through the VA. Yearly funding levels will depend on the amount Smith commits to this program. Program Enrollment Maximum Contribution Undergraduates Six students maximum each year $10,000 Funding levels above will be matched by a direct contribution from the VA. Eligible students meeting the application criteria will be awarded the benefit regardless of whether they qualify for need-based assistance. This benefit will replace need-based grant assistance on a dollar-for-dollar basis, per our outside aid policy. Students accepted into Smith's Yellow Ribbon Program will be required to present their VA Certificate of Eligibility to a school certifying official. Title 38 USC 3679(e) Compliance In accordance with Title 38 USC 3679 subsection (e), this school adopts the following additional provisions for any students using U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Post 9/11 G.I. Bill® (Ch. 33), Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment (Ch. 31) or Survivors' and Dependents' Educational Assistance (DEA) Ch. 35 benefits, while payment to the institution is pending from the VA. This school will not: Prevent the student's enrollment; Assess a late penalty fee to; Require student secure alternative or additional funding; Deny their access to any resources (access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities) available to other students who have satisfied their tuition and fee bills to the institution. To qualify for this provision, students are required to provide Chapter 33/35 Certificate of Eligibility or for Chapter 31, VA VR&E's contract with the school by the first day of class. Students are also required to submit a VA Request for Certification Form for each semester for which they are requesting certification. Learn about the various financing options available to first-year students. How We Determine Need Each financial aid application file is personally reviewed by experienced staff in the Office of Student Financial Services. In addition to submitting the required documentation, you are welcome to include any information that you feel will help us understand your family's financial status. Remember to complete your admission application, since only accepted students can receive a financial aid decision. Three steps are used in documenting your level of financial need: 1. Calculating the family contribution The Office of Student Financial Services evaluates each student's application using federal and institutional methodologies to assess a family's financial resources. During the review, attention is given to individual family circumstances. Standard factors involved in the review include income, assets, family size, the number of family members in college, unreimbursed medical expenses, taxes paid and tuition for siblings in elementary or secondary school. Staff will determine what each family is expected to contribute toward the student's annual educational expenses following the appropriate federal and college policies. 2. Determining the cost of attendance An educational expense budget is calculated for each student. Tuition, fees, room and board, and standard allowances for books, supplies, personal expenses and travel are included. 3. Financial need The difference between the cost of attendance and the calculated family contribution is the student's documented financial need. Smith College recognizes the diversity of the modern family and requires the submission of information regarding both parents, as well as spouses and domestic partners of each parent. Exceptions to this policy are made on a case-by-case basis. Merit scholarships are considered a resource when determining eligibility for need-based financial aid. For example, if a student has $22,000 of calculated need and receives the Zollman Scholarship for $25,000, this student would not receive need-based aid since the scholarship exceeds the need. Students who have need-based aid eligibility above and beyond the amount of merit scholarships will receive need-based aid to cover the difference. Merit aid is not awarded on top of need-based aid, but is also considered to meet a family's financial need. Allowance for Others in College The fees of undergraduate institutions attended by siblings of traditional students or children of Ada Comstock Scholars are considered in our aid calculations. The enrollment status of each person is verified in the fall. A change in institution or enrollment status may affect your grant aid. For future planning, contact us for the allowance amount used this year. Cost of Attendance, 2026-27 Students are billed for one-half of the annual charges at the beginning of each semester. The Cost of Attendance includes allowances for out-of-pocket expenses that most students incur during the year. *Students approved by Residence Life to have non-traditional housing or food arrangements have a modified Cost of Attendance. Direct Billed Costs Cost (U.S. dollars) Tuition $70,460 Food & Housing* $24,520 Student Activities Fee $308 Health Insurance (domestic students may waive) $4,030 *Actual costs incurred will vary and are the student's responsibility. Indirect Costs Not Billed Cost (U.S. dollars) Books, course materials, supplies, and equipment $800 Transportation (domestic average) $640 (international average) $1,000 Personal expenses $1,910 Contact Student Financial Services College Hall 108 10 Elm Street Smith College Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-585-2530 Email: sfs@smith.edu Call Center Hours: Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. (EST) Smith College logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm Street Northampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art See what you can do with a Smith education. Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © 2026 Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Equity and Inclusion Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.