Skip To All NYU Navigation Skip To Main Content To open and close this bar, use option alt + / عربي All NYU Search ()search Close Menu Close عربي All NYU Academics Back Academics Prepare to succeed in a truly global world. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Divisions and Programs Community Programs Executive Education Apply Back Apply Join the best and the brightest students from more than 120 countries. Undergraduate Graduate and PhD Campus Life Back Campus Life Live in a community that feels like home, surrounded by peers from all over the world. Housing and Accommodation Campus Features and Facilities Living in Abu Dhabi Sports, Athletics, and Fitness Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Research Back Research The NYUAD community is conducting research on the vanguard of almost every field. Research Institute Centers Faculty Labs and Projects Research Translation and Entrepreneurship Impact Facilities and Support Faculty Profiles Researchers Public Programs Back Public Programs Discover shows, art exhibitions, and talks at NYU Abu Dhabi. The Arts Center The Institute The Art Gallery All Events About Back About Exceptional education. World class research. Community-driven. Vision and Mission Leadership and People Facts and Figures The NYU Abu Dhabi Campus Administration and Governance Sustainability and Stewardship Strategic Philanthropy Initiative Community Engagement Quick Links Faculty Current Students Alumni Library Events News Press Room Careers Contact Child Pages Scholarships and Financial Aid Scholarships for Emirati Students Apply for Financial Aid Required Additional Documentation Cost of Attendance Maintaining and Renewing Your Aid Aid for Study Away, J-Term, and Summer Breadcrumbs Home Apply Undergraduate Scholarships and Financial Aid Scholarships and Financial Aid NYU Abu Dhabi recognizes that higher education is a significant investment and we aim to attract the best students from around the world. Financial Aid at NYUAD is based on a student's and family's demonstrated financial need. Financial need is calculated by the Office of Financial Aid and is based on financial information submitted through the CSS Profile. The CSS Profile is an online application administered by the CollegeBoard and used by NYU to determine need-based institutional grants. The CSS Profile must be filed by the appropriate deadline and students are only required to file the application once, prior to admission . In recognition of NYUAD's highly-selective admissions process, and of the important role that the University plays in shaping future world leaders, the Abu Dhabi government provides scholarships to all admitted UAE nationals and children of an Emirati mother or father. The Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed NYUAD Scholarship for Exceptional Emirati Students is awarded annually and does not require a separate application. Additionally, UAE national students may be eligible for a need-based personal support award (Falcon Dirhams), to assist with personal expenses. To be evaluated, the student must file the CSS Profile application (and noncustodial parent's Profile or CSS Profile Waiver Request for the Noncustodial Parent , if applicable) and show demonstrated financial need for Falcon Dirham eligibility. Visit Apply for Financial Aid for important application and deadline information. Scholarship Opportunities Scholarships for Emirati students Financial Aid at NYU Abu Dhabi Scholarship for Emirati Students The Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed NYUAD Scholarship for Exceptional Emirati Students is a scholarship that is offered to all admitted UAE nationals and children of an Emirati mother or father. UAE national students may be eligible for a need-based personal support award (also known as Falcon Dirhams) to assist with personal expenses. To be evaluated, a student must file the CSS Profile application. Applicants with divorced, separated, or unmarried parents will need to have both the custodial and noncustodial parents submit their own separate CSS Profile application online. Students must show demonstrated financial need to be eligible for the Falcon Dirhams. Eligibility for the Falcon Dirhams will be determined by our evaluation of your initial CSS Profile. Submitting the CSS Profile is optional and this application will not impact the Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed NYUAD Scholarship for Exceptional Emirati Students . Visit How to Apply for more information on the CSS Profile. All Other Applicants (Non Emirati Citizens) All financial aid grants offered by NYUAD (for non Emirati citizens) are based on financial need. To be considered students should file the CSS Profile by the required deadline , which is prior to the admission notification dates . Applicants with divorced, separated, or unmarried parents will need to have both the custodial and noncustodial parents submit their own separate CSS Profile application online. Failure to submit an application/waiver request for your noncustodial parent directly to NYU will make you ineligible to be considered for institutional grants while you pursue your studies at NYU Abu Dhabi. Award amounts vary depending on the student's financial need as determined by NYU's Office of Financial Aid. It is important to meet the filing deadline and to submit any additional documentation, if requested, right away for full consideration. Please do not submit any additional documentation unless specifically requested by the NYU's Office of Financial Aid. Financial Aid Award Notification New undergraduate applicants who submit the CSS Profile by the required financial aid deadline and demonstrate financial need, will be notified of their financial aid eligibility at the time they are admitted. Your financial aid offer letter will be accessible via the NYU new student portal, which will outline the details of your financial aid eligibility. To further understand the costs associated with attending NYUAD and how your institutional aid (if applicable) will apply to these costs, please visit our website under Cost of Attendance . Students who have questions or concerns about financial aid are encouraged to contact our office at nyuad.financial.support@nyu.edu . Please note: Accepting your offer of admission is also an acceptance of the financial aid award offered at the time of your admission. NYUAD does not re-evaluate for institutional aid in subsequent years , as typically all of the institutional aid offered upon admission will be renewed at the same level during your time at NYUAD. Additional information on maintaining and renewing your aid can be found on our website under Maintaining and Renewing Your Aid . Deadlines Financial Aid Application Due by 11:59pm Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the date listed Application Type CSS Profile Deadline (for custodial and noncustodial parents) Early Decision I November 10 Early Decision II January 10 Regular Decision February 1 Cost of Attendance How is your financial support applied to the Cost of Attendance? Find out more. Apply for Financial Aid NYU Abu Dhabi accepts applications for financial support from all students, regardless of citizenship. A Parent's Perspective on Choosing a College How NYU Abu Dhabi became our top choice. Let's Connect © 2026 New York University Abu Dhabi Digital Privacy Statement General Feedback Accessibility Back To Top