Skip to content Skip to current page navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests English Language Testing International Qualifications Research University Life About All NYU Mobile Navigation Search Site Academics Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests English Language Testing International Qualifications Research University Life About Give All NYU Info For Back to main menu Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Give Info For Students Faculty Alumni Employees Community Log In Search Site Search NYU Admissions Undergraduate Admissions How to Apply Standardized Tests English Language Testing English Language Testing English Language Proficiency (ELT) Testing Policy To succeed in NYU's fast-paced, rigorous academic environment, all students must have a strong command of the English language. Therefore, applicants whose first language is not English are generally required to submit results from a proficiency exam taken within the last two years. Even if not strictly required, submitting these scores can provide valuable context to your application. NYU Admissions reserves the right to request proof of English language proficiency from any applicant at any time during the evaluation process. Do I Need to Take an English Language Proficiency Test? Required if: English is not your first language (Your first language is the language that you learned first and speak best) AND During any of the 3 most recently completed academic years (prior to the current in-progress year): You have taken any coursework in a language other than English (excluding World Language courses), OR You have taken any English Language Support coursework (ESL, ELL, IB English B), OR You were enrolled in a bilingual curriculum . Not required if: English is your first language (Your first language is the language that you learned first and speak best) OR All of your schooling for the three full consecutive academic years prior to the current year were taught entirely in English (excluding world language classes). For transfer students , it is not necessary to submit English language testing if: ● Your last three consecutive years of study were in an all English language curriculum. This can be a combination of secondary and post secondary study, but there should be no breaks in study during this period. Which Exams Should I Take? Your application will not be considered complete until you submit results from one of NYU's approved English language proficiency tests noted below. We do not accept other standardized tests in place of an approved English language proficiency test. TOEFL iB T (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-Based Test). We will accept results from the in-person version or the iBT Home Edition. Duolingo English Test IELTS Academic (International English Language Testing System) PTE Academic (Pearson Test of English Academic) C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency (Cambridge English: Advanced or Proficiency) We do not accept TOEFL iBT "My Best" scores or IELTS One Skill Retake. If you took the TOEFL iBT or IELTS, please send us your result from the test wherein you received the highest composite score. The above listed exams are the only English language tests we accept. NYU does not waive the English language requirements based on the following exam results: SAT, ACT, AP, IGCSE, AS/A-Levels, International Baccalaureate Diploma (IBDP), including IB English A or B HL and SL, and other local national exams conducted in English. How Do I Submit My Results to NYU? Students should be prepared to submit their English language test scores by their application deadline. You can self-report unofficial results or upload unofficial test result documents to your portal after you apply ( for admissions review purposes only ). To submit official results ( required if admitted and planning to enroll ): For the TOEFL iBT , use NYU's code 2562. For the IELTS Academic , please follow the instructions on this site ; when prompted, search for "New York University" and release results to Undergraduate Admissions as opposed to one of our schools or colleges. Similarly, for the PTE Academic, C1 Advanced and C2 Proficiency , select "New York University" as opposed to one of our specific NYU schools or colleges. Searching for "NYU" will not return any results; you must search using our official name. For the Duolingo English Test , please follow the instructions outlined in Duolingo's "How do I send my Duolingo English Test results to institutions?" documentation to send your score to NYU for free. What Do I Need to Score on One of These Tests? We don't have minimum score requirements, but competitive applicants will receive: 100 and above on the TOEFL iBT taken on or before January 20, 2026. 5 or above (overall score and subscores) on the TOEFL iBT taken on or after January 21, 2026. 135 and above on the Duolingo English Test 7.5 and above on the IELTS Academic 70 and above on the PTE Academic 191 and above on the Cambridge English Scale Am I Required to Interview with NYU? No. NYU does not offer interviews to any candidates. Additional Information NYU does not provide fee waivers for any of the English Language Proficiency exams , even in cases when you qualify for an application fee waiver. We consider the validity of all application materials to be of the utmost priority (see our Application Authenticity policy here ). In the event that a student is found to have applied with any type of falsified information, including test scores, the student's application, admission, or enrollment status may be revoked. Apply Now Start the Common Application. Learn More Follow Us facebook x instagram youtube Feedback Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. Your feedback is essential to helping us improve the website. Name Your Name Email Your Email Type of Feedback Type of Feedback I am submitting feedback for: This Page Overall Feedback Please share your feedback: Note any inaccurate, missing, or recommended content on this page or throughout the website. Please also advise on any specific broken links, images, or technical features. Submit New York University Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination at NYU - New York University is committed to maintaining an environment that encourages and fosters respect for individual values and appropriate conduct among all persons. In all University spaces-physical and digital-programming, activities, and events are carried out in accordance with applicable law as well as University policy, which includes but is not limited to its Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy . Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright New York University. All rights reserved. Campus Map Events Contact Us Give Copyright & Fair Use Privacy Accessibility Feedback New York Campus Abu Dhabi Campus Shanghai Campus