Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Undergraduate Admissions Close Academics Academics Majors & Programs PreHealth Beyond Boundaries Joint Degree Program in Business and Computer Science Student Support First-Generation and Low-Income Student Support Rural and Small-Town Student Support Heartland Initiative WashU Rural Scholars Academy Experiential Learning Study Abroad Life at WashU Life at WashU Athletics & Recreation Campus Arts & Music Dining Services First-Year Experience Health, Wellness, and Safety Incoming Class Profile Leadership, Service, & Sustainability Residential Halls & Communities St. Louis After WashU Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Scholarships Signature Scholar Programs School Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarships How to Apply How to Apply What We're Looking For First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Application Dates & Deadlines Common Questions Admissions Glossary Application Fee Waiver English Testing Requirements Optional Video Supplement Portfolio Reviews QuestBridge Schoolhouse.world Visit Us Visit Us Maps & Directions Lodging & Local Eats Transportation Group Visits Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Search Menu Search for: Search Close First-Year International Applicants How to Apply › First-Year International Applicants We're ready when you are. Ready to begin your journey to WashU? This page outlines the essential steps, requirements, and deadlines for first-year international applicants. We're here to guide you through the process of putting together a strong and authentic application. Apply as a… First-year U.S. citizen/ permanent resident student First-year international student Transfer student (U.S. and international) First-year international applicants are students who: are citizens or permanent residents of countries other than the United States who will be studying on a temporary visa are currently enrolled in high school or secondary school (even if you've completed college credits while in high school) or have graduated from high school but have never enrolled full-time in an undergraduate degree-seeking program and are applying to become a part of the class entering in fall 2027 Dates and deadlines Application round options In addition to our Regular and Early Decision rounds, we've added an Early Action application round to our application options. How each round works WashU offers first-year applicants a choice of four decision plans - Early Action. Early Decision I, Early Decision II, and Regular Decision. Early Action Early Decision I Early Decision II Regular Decision August 1 Applications available Common Application or Coalition Application October 1 FAFSA available For U.S. citizen/ permanent resident applicants only. CSS Profile available November 2 Application due Common Application or Coalition Application November 17 Financial aid application due This includes the CSS Profile, FAFSA, and Noncustodial Parent Statement (if applicable). December 16 Scholarship applications due For priority consideration. December 23 Admission decisions and financial aid offers released by May 1 Candidate reply due November 9 Official school materials from counselors due Completing materials include School Report and Official Transcript, Teacher Evaluation, and Counselor Recommendation August 1 Applications available Common Application or Coalition Application October 1 FAFSA available For U.S. citizen/ permanent resident applicants only. CSS Profile available November 2 Application due Common Application or Coalition Application November 9 Official school materials from counselors due Completing materials include School Report and Official Transcript, Teacher Evaluation, and Counselor Recommendation November 17 Financial aid application due This includes the CSS Profile, FAFSA, and Noncustodial Parent Statement (if applicable). December 11 Admission decisions and financial aid offers released by December 16 Scholarship applications due For priority consideration. January 4 Candidate reply due August 1 Applications available Common Application or Coalition Application October 1 FAFSA available For U.S. citizen/ permanent resident applicants only. CSS Profile available December 16 Scholarship applications due For priority consideration. January 4 Application due Common Application or Coalition Application January 11 Financial aid application due This includes the CSS Profile, FAFSA, and Noncustodial Parent Statement (if applicable). Official school materials from counselors due Completing materials include School Report and Official Transcript, Teacher Evaluation, and Counselor Recommendation February 12 Admission decisions and financial aid offers released by March 1 Candidate reply due August 1 Applications available Common Application or Coalition Application October 1 FAFSA available For U.S. citizen/ permanent resident applicants only. CSS Profile available December 16 Scholarship applications due For priority consideration. January 4 Application due Common Application or Coalition Application January 11 Official school materials from counselors due Completing materials include School Report and Official Transcript, Teacher Evaluation, and Counselor Recommendation February 1 Financial aid application due This includes the CSS Profile, FAFSA, and Noncustodial Parent Statement (if applicable). April 1 Admission decisions and financial aid offers released by May 1 Candidate reply due Before you begin your application: Choose your decision plan. WashU offers first-year applicants a choice of four decision plans - Early Action, Early Decision I, Early Decision II, and Regular Decision. Early Action plan Early Action is a great choice if WashU is high on your list, but you need time to consider other aid offers and/or offers from other institutions. Unlike Early Decision, Early Action is not a commitment to attend the university, but rather an option that allows you to apply early and hear back early so you can make a more informed enrollment decision. Some applicants not admitted under Early Action may be deferred for re-evaluation. Deferred Early Action applicants can elect to have their applications reviewed in either the Regular Decision or Early Decision II rounds. However, some applicants may be denied admission. Early Decision plans You may apply to only one college or university under an Early Decision (ED) plan. If WashU is clearly your first-choice school, we encourage you to apply under the Early Decision option. Early Decision I and Early Decision II candidates receive admission decisions and financial aid offers earlier than regular decision candidates. WashU will meet 100% of demonstrated financial need for all admitted undergraduate students, regardless of your chosen decision plan. The academic scholarship process is separate - scholarship decisions are not made until well after the Early Decision notification dates. Your Early Decision application is a commitment that you will attend WashU if admitted. Early Decision candidates and their counselors and a parent or guardian must sign the Early Decision commitment statement on the application. You may apply for regular admission to any additional schools you choose. If you are admitted to WashU, you must withdraw applications filed at other colleges and universities. Some applicants not admitted under Early Decision may be deferred to the Regular Decision application period for re-evaluation. However, some applicants may be denied admission. Regular Decision plan Regular Decision is a good option if you prefer to take more time to explore schools and find the best fit. RD gives you the maximum amount of time to submit your application and consider many options and offers. Choose your school or college. You must select one of our undergraduate schools (Architecture, Art, Arts & Sciences, Business, Engineering) when you apply. This school serves as your home base, though you are welcome to take classes in or transfer to the other schools as your academic interests evolve. You will also be asked to select a primary academic interest on your application, but you don't need to formally declare your major until your second year. Review application requirements. The successful completion of a minimum of 12 years of primary and secondary studies is required for admission to any program of study leading to a bachelor's degree at WashU. A secondary school diploma or equivalent is required. If you apply for admission, you will need to submit detailed information about your previous education, including: Original academic transcripts or certified copies A description of the grading system Examination results (IGCSE, HKCEE, predicted A-Levels, national exams, etc.) School-leaving certificates Certified English translations of all of the above Academic records must include: Transcripts of all work completed at the secondary school level Transcripts of formal studies completed beyond secondary school (when appropriate) Subjects covered during each year of study (the specific month and year) Duration of time of each course Number of lectures or laboratory periods included within each course Grades (marks) received All prospective WashU international students whose first language is not English are required to take either the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test . Successful candidates' transcripts often include: 4 years of English 4 years of mathematics (architecture, business, and engineering strongly recommend calculus) 3-4 years of laboratory science (engineering recommends chemistry and physics) 3-4 years of history or social science At least two years of the same foreign language in high school Arts & Sciences recommends both chemistry and physics for students who plan to do coursework in pre-medicine or the natural sciences. Other important parts of your application Grades and class rank (if your school ranks students) Counselor recommendation and one teacher evaluation A 250-word response to the question "Please tell us what you are interested in studying at college and why." Extracurricular and community activities The Common Application or Coalition Application essay A portfolio is required for applicants to the College of Art. Portfolios are strongly encouraged for applicants to the College of Architecture. Optional supplements The following items are not required as part of the application process. They are simply ways for you to add another dimension to your application - something that we might not learn by reading your transcript or your personal statement. And if you don't want to submit any supplemental materials, that's OK. Applicants will not be penalized for opting out. They are truly optional. Video supplement Schoolhouse.world certifications Standardized test scores Review standardized testing options. WashU is a global institution and welcomes applications from students studying in other countries. As a result, our standardized testing requirements are designed to be flexible and recognize the different educational systems around the world. For both non-U.S. citizens and U.S. citizens applying from a high school outside of the United States, you may choose to submit the following: SAT; or ACT; or Predicted or actual results from national examinations, such as the Baccalauréat, Abitur, Maturita, etc.; or Predicted or actual results for the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma; or Predicted or actual A-Levels; or Three (3) AP Exam scores; or One exam score must be in math for students applying to the following schools: STEM majors in the College of Arts & Sciences, McKelvey School of Engineering, Olin Business School Three (3) IB higher-level exam scores if not an IB Diploma candidate; or One must be an HL Math score for students applying to the following schools: STEM majors in the College of Arts & Sciences, McKelvey School of Engineering, Olin Business School International students whose first language is not English will still be required to demonstrate English proficiency by submitting official results from the Duolingo English Test (DET), IELTS, or TOEFL exams. Our College Codes ACT: 2386 SAT: 6929 TOEFL: 6929 CSS Profile: 6929 FAFSA: 002520 Review transfer credit procedures. Credits can be accepted by WashU for studies completed at another college or university, or for scores achieved on AP, IB, or British A Level examinations. However, an official statement of advanced standing cannot be given until a student has been admitted to WashU, has arrived on campus, and has consulted with an academic advisor regarding the evaluation of previous academic achievement. Review English language proficiency requirement. The academic programs at WashU require students to have well-developed skills in written and oral communication in the English language. International students for whom English is a second language are required to submit official scores from a WashU-approved English proficiency exam at the time of application. For further information, please review our English testing requirements page . Review visa eligibility criteria. WashU has authorization to issue eligibility documents needed to obtain either an "F-1" or "J-1" student visa. Although both visas allow for full-time study, the J-1 is used for reciprocal exchange programs and government scholarship programs; the F-1 is the usual student visa. Documents for visa eligibility may be issued by WashU only after applicants have been officially admitted into a program of study and have given proof of sufficient funds to finance expenses for the duration of their proposed program of study. International students are not allowed to enter the United States on a tourist (B-2) visa when arriving to begin university studies. It is not legal to study in a degree program on a tourist visa. Students who are currently in the United States on an F-2 visa will be required to change to an F-1 visa. Provide proof of financial support. Applicants As an international student, you are eligible for financial aid only if you apply for funding during the admission process. You will not be eligible for financial aid after receiving your admission decision or, if admitted, during your four years at WashU. If you indicate on your application that you do not intend to apply for need-based financial aid, you must submit our International Financial Information form in the WashU Pathway. This form helps us understand how you intend to fund your education. It is required, and your application will remain incomplete until we receive it. If you do intend to apply for financial aid, be sure to submit your financial aid application by the deadline. Enrolling students In compliance with Department of Homeland Security (DHS) regulations, WashU requires all enrolling international students to submit detailed financial information statements before a Form I-20 can be processed, including: Statements of amounts and sources of funds available for their educational expenses in the United States. Affidavit of Financial Support (AOFS) Certified bank statements in English verifying that they have sufficient funds available to finance their first year's tuition and living expenses and that a comparable amount of money will be available for every subsequent year of study. Some embassy officials verify students' financial certification. Students should obtain two original copies (with original signatures) of both the sponsor's letter and the bank letter. Retain a copy for obtaining a visa. Financial aid offers may be deducted from the amount to be certified. Learn more about financial documentation Review US medical care and health insurance options. All incoming students must provide documentation of required immunizations and screening and should consider recommended immunizations. Enrolling students are required to submit a completed health history form through the Student Health Center . To protect the health of our entire community, we require all full-time degree-seeking students to have health insurance. You either must purchase our Student Health Insurance Plan or prove that you have adequate coverage through another plan. If you do not demonstrate that you have adequate coverage through another plan, you will be automatically enrolled in our plan and billed accordingly. The cost of the WashU Student Health Insurance Plan, as well as instructions for obtaining a waiver through proof of adequate coverage, will be provided to enrolling students. Application process Start your application. To apply, use either the Common Application or Coalition Application. Both applications open on August 1 and must be completed by the appropriate application deadline. Common Application Students who apply via the Common Application will complete both the basic application and the WashU-specific questions while logged in to their Common Application account. Apply with the Common App Coalition Application Students who apply via the Coalition Application will complete their profile while logged in to their Scoir account. Upon submitting their profile, students will be taken to the WashU Pathway to complete the WashU-specific questions. Apply with the Coalition App Access your WashU Pathway. Within a few days of submitting your application for admission, you will receive login instructions for the WashU Pathway. In the WashU Pathway, you will see: A checklist showing the status of each piece of your application A link to your financial aid portal (if applicable) Instructions for submitting an optional 90-second video Applications for our Signature Scholar Programs Admission decisions will be posted in the Pathway as soon as they are released. WashU Pathway Apply for financial aid. WashU meets 100 percent of demonstrated need for all admitted undergraduate students. When filling out your application for admission, indicate your intent to apply for need-based financial aid. Once you submit your application, we will create an account for you with Student Financial Services, and your application begins! Learn more about Student Financial Services and financial aid Complete your application checklist. Your WashU Pathway will include a current checklist of your support materials: School Report and Official Transcript Teacher Evaluation Counselor Recommendation Optional - Self-reported or official SAT or ACT scores. TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test for students whose first language is not English Portfolio (required for students applying to the College of Art, strongly encouraged for students applying to the College of Architecture.) The portfolio should be submitted using SlideRoom. WashU Pathway Apply for WashU scholarships. Signature Scholar Programs For priority consideration for our Signature Scholar Programs, submit either a Common Application or Coalition Application by December 16, 2026 . After submitting your application for admission, you will gain access to the Pathway where you'll be asked to respond to a short answer question (250 words) for each Signature Scholar Program you apply to. The scholarship committee(s) will review the required counselor and teacher letters of recommendation submitted with your application. You may submit an optional third letter of recommendation to invite someone who can speak to your contributions and commitment to the community. School Scholarships Each undergraduate school at WashU provides a number of four-year scholarships that range up to the full cost of tuition. Students are selected for these academic scholarships based on a review of the admissions application. These scholarships do not require a separate application. Once you have completed the application for admission, you will be considered for the appropriate scholarship for the school to which you are applying. Common Application Learn more about scholarships Pay application fee. The $75 nonrefundable application fee is required to complete your application. You may pay the application fee using a credit card when you submit your application for admission. Fee waiver As part of WashU's commitment to meeting 100 percent of demonstrated financial need for all admitted undergraduate students, we are happy to waive our $75 application fee for all financial aid applicants as well as those for whom it would present a financial hardship. See if you qualify for a fee waiver Discover More Commonly asked questions Admissions Glossary Contact us Contact Office of Undergraduate Admissions MSC 1089-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 314-935-6000 | 800-638-0700 | admissions@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Application Info How to Apply Application Dates & Deadlines First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Common Questions Information for: Counselors & Community Based Organizers High School Students First-Gen and Low-Income Students Rural and Small-Town Students Military and Veteran Students International Students WashU Pathway Financial Aid Find your admissions officer Request Info Consumer Information Website Privacy Policy Report Website Issue ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top