Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Financial Aid Close How Aid Works How Aid Works Scholarships Grants Federal Work-Study Special Circumstances Loans Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Policies and Procedures How WashU Helps How WashU Helps No-Loan Policy WashU Pledge First Year Grants Need Blind Policy Costs Costs Cost Calculators Apply for Aid Apply for Aid First-Year US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Transfer Applicants International Applicants (First-Year and Transfer) Graduate Students Form Library Renew Aid Renew Aid Student Financial Tools Budgeting Advice Payment & Financing Payment & Financing Standard Billing Installment Payment Plan Partners in Education with Parents (PEP) Financial Information for Parents & Families Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Search Menu Search for: Search Close Common Questions How Aid Works › Common Questions How Aid Works Common Questions Federal Work-Study Financial Aid Dictionary Grants Loans Policies and Procedures Scholarships Special Circumstances We're here to help you. We've tried to answer a few of the more frequently asked questions here. If you still have questions, please contact us ! View Undergraduate Admissions Common Questions How Aid Works Our family cannot afford the whole cost of WashU. Should I even bother applying? Of course! We are committed to making a WashU education affordable for students who have been offered admission. If you don't apply, you won't find out how we can help you. Our offers range up to the full cost of attendance. You have nothing to lose by applying. WashU will waive the $75 admission application fee for all students who apply for financial aid, to ensure the fee isn't a barrier to applying. Before you submit the Common Application or Coalition Application simply indicate that you've been granted a WashU Fee Waiver . Do I apply for need-based financial aid every year? Yes. If your offer contains need-based components, it's important for WashU to tailor your financial aid offer based on the yearly changes in your family's income, assets, or family demographics. In general, your offer will remain the same or increase from year to year, as long as the information in your family's CSS Profile and FAFSA remains relatively consistent. We realize changes in your family's financial situation can happen from year-to-year while you are a student. We will work with your family to understand any changes and help you prepare for the upcoming academic year. Is there a GPA requirement to keep my financial aid offer? You are required to maintain satisfactory academic progress toward your degree. This is generally defined as maintaining a 2.0 GPA and earning enough credits to graduate on time. Will I have to work while I'm in school? I don't want work to hurt my coursework. Many students choose Federal Work-Study jobs related to their academic and extracurricular interests. Work schedules don't interfere with classes. Common part-time employment may include assisting a researcher, working at the call center, or helping students at the library. Students with part-time jobs tell us how much they learn from the experience. Both the job and the contacts they make are very helpful when they are looking for full-time employment after graduation. How can I create an appointment with my financial aid counselor? Students can create an appointment with their counselor by selecting their counselor from the Contact Us page and setting up an appointment through Calendly. Payments Is the only way for my family to pay our share of the costs to write a big check each semester? No. Our interest-free Installment Payment Plan allows you to spread each academic period's tuition, fees, housing, and food charges over 5 equal monthly payments. WashU's Partners in Education with Parents (PEP) is among the best parent financing programs in the country. PEP features low interest rates, low monthly repayment terms, and the option to freeze all four years of costs at the entering-year rate based on participation. What will happen if my family and I have unexpected financial problems after I've enrolled? Our primary goal is to help our students be successful. We do all we can in response to changing family circumstances to help you complete your WashU education. Reach out to your financial aid counselor if there are changes that you'd like to discuss. Review our special circumstances policies Can I apply as an independent student since my parents won't help me? Most incoming, first-year WashU undergraduate students are considered dependent on their parents for purposes of determining financial aid eligibility. In limited circumstances, schools have the authority to change a student's dependency status; typically, these are documented circumstances that would make obtaining parental information difficult or impossible. Review our special circumstances policies Other scholarships and funding opportunities How do I provide info on my outside scholarship? Where do OSA checks get sent to? Outside scholarships letters or checks can be sent to this address: Washington University in St. Louis Student Financial Services MSC: 1041-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 I'm a National Merit finalist. Will I receive a scholarship from WashU? The type of National Merit Scholarship you receive is determined by the National Merit Scholarship Corporation (NMSC) . If you receive scholarship funds from the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, WashU will accept the award as an outside scholarship to help cover part of the cost of attendance. However, WashU does not offer university-funded scholarships based on a student's standing with the National Merit Scholarship Corporation. Can we get merit scholarships in upper class years? Only first-year students are eligible to apply for WashU merit scholarships during their admission process. How can I get additional loans? Because WashU meets demonstrated financial need with grant/scholarship aid and/or Federal Work Study, you will not see federal loans in your financial aid offer. However, most students who complete a FAFSA have eligibility to borrow federal loans if needed. Please reach out to your SFS counselor if you would like to discuss your federal loan eligibility. Private loans are available from a variety of lenders outside the university. These loans are credit-based and should be viewed as a last resort after other borrowing options have been considered. Although terms and rates vary among private lenders, in many cases a Federal Direct Student Loan may provide the student with more beneficial terms and conditions than a private loan. Non-tuition charges How does financial aid work for study abroad? WashU is committed to making study abroad accessible to students, regardless of financial background. The university's financial aid policies are designed to facilitate the application of need-based financial aid and scholarships to approved study abroad programs. This includes Wash U institutional funding as well as other grants and loans, allowing students to continue their education seamlessly while abroad. Please keep in mind each program is different, so be sure to check with the head of your program if WashU will charge for room and board or if it's the student's responsibility to pay for those expenses out of pocket. Students are also encouraged to explore external scholarships and funding opportunities to further support and assist with covering the costs of their international studies. For further information regarding financial aid, please reach out to our office at financial@wustl.edu , and for additional information on studying abroad, including links to specific programs, please see our Student Consumer Information page. How do I change my meal plan? Students may change their meal plan within the first two weeks of the fall semester or within the first two weeks of the spring semester. All changes submitted in the first 2 weeks of each semester will be effective at the end of the 2-week period. More information regarding meal plans is available on the Dining Services website . Changing your meal plan may result in a change of financial aid. Make sure to reach out to your assigned financial aid counselor to discuss how changing your meal plan might impact your award. How do I waive the Student Health Insurance? All full-time, degree-seeking students on the Danforth Campus are required to have health insurance. If you want to waive the WashU-provided health insurance you can do so in Workday. For more information on how to waive the WashU-provided health insurance and who is eligible to do so, check out the health insurance webpage . Living off-campus If I move off campus, will my offer change? If a student chooses to live off campus, their financial aid offer will not change. They will not get charged for housing by the university. If their offer covers all of their billed charges from the university they will receive a refund check for the credit on their account, which can be used for off-campus housing expenses. I am living off campus. How can I get help with budgeting? Our financial aid counselors are here to help students with budgeting. You can request an appointment with your financial aid counselor for help. We are pleased to offer all current students free access to iGrad , an award-winning financial literacy platform. Students have 24/7 access to personalized tools, courses, videos, and articles on a wide range of topics, including how to budget, save, and manage income. Refunds How will I get my refund? Students can either pick up a physical check from Student Financial Services or they can enroll in direct deposit in Workday to receive their funds directly to their bank account. When will I get my refund? Refunds are disbursed the Friday before classes start each semester. If the student has enrolled in direct deposit, they will receive their funds 5-7 business days after the university disburses them. If a student does not have direct deposit, they will need to pick up their check from the Student Financial Services Office (Room 020, Sumers Welcome Center). International students Are international students eligible for financial aid? First-year International students can receive need-based financial aid. Students with permanent resident status in the United States should apply for financial aid as U.S. citizens. International students are considered for the merit-based academic division scholarships and welcome to apply for our Signature Scholar Programs (except for the John B. Ervin Scholars Program). International applicants for transfer admission are not eligible to apply for financial aid from WashU. Are there additional expenses for international students? What cost is used for visa processing? Costs for the 2026-2027 academic year-includes tuition, fees, and the student health insurance plan are $75,645. Living expenses-includes housing, food (university meal plan), books and supplies, clothing, incidentals, and recreation-are estimated at a minimum of $29,538 for 12 months. The total of $105,183 per year is the figure used for visa processing. These figures may not include the costs for the English Language Program (required for students who do not meet English proficiency standards). Students in art and architecture should plan to spend an additional $1,357 for books and supplies. Some programs may require the purchase of specific computer equipment. The cost estimate for living expenses covers only minimal essential expenditures. Expenses for clothing, recreation, and incidentals are variable, and the cost of travel outside St. Louis is not included. Students admitted to the United States on student visas are not permitted to work off campus during the first academic year (thereafter only under limited circumstances). Employment should not be considered as a means of support. Need blind What does "need blind" mean? Our need-blind policy for first-year applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents means we will not consider an applicant's ability to pay when making admission decisions. So, whether a student needs a small amount of assistance or the total cost of attendance, they will be considered for admission based on their abilities, not on their ability to pay. This policy does not affect the financial aid process-we are committed to meeting 100 percent of demonstrated financial need for all students admitted to WashU. Why is this important? We want to make WashU accessible to every qualified student. We do this by removing barriers to admission and providing financial resources to make sure all qualified students are able to attend, regardless of their ability to pay. In our review, we look for evidence of academic potential, strong personal characteristics and qualities, activities and commitment, and potential for fit in the WashU community. What about people who can afford tuition? Will this make it harder for some applicants to be admitted? All applications will be reviewed in an individualized manner with one goal in mind: to get to know the applicant as a person and understand how that student would both benefit from and contribute to the WashU experience. If you are "need blind," do I still need to submit a FAFSA and apply for financial aid? Yes! It is important that you complete your financial aid application by the stated deadline for your decision plan. We will use the information in your financial aid application to ensure we are meeting 100% of your demonstrated need. Does this apply to all applicants? Our need blind admission policy applies to all first-year domestic applicants for undergraduate admission. Not included in this program are international applicants, transfer students, and students admitted from our wait list, although we meet 100% of need for these students. Contact Office of Financial Aid MSC 1041-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 Physical Address: Room 020 Sumers Welcome Center 314-935-5900 | 888-547-6670 | financial@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Resources Financial Aid Portal Form Library Net Price Calculator Undergraduate Admissions Report Website Issue Contact Us Cost Calculators Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Financial Well-being Policies and Procedures Consumer Information ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top