Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Financial Aid Close How Aid Works How Aid Works Scholarships Grants Federal Work-Study Special Circumstances Loans Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Policies and Procedures How WashU Helps How WashU Helps No-Loan Policy WashU Pledge First Year Grants Need Blind Policy Costs Costs Cost Calculators Apply for Aid Apply for Aid First-Year US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Transfer Applicants International Applicants (First-Year and Transfer) Graduate Students Form Library Renew Aid Renew Aid Student Financial Tools Budgeting Advice Payment & Financing Payment & Financing Standard Billing Installment Payment Plan Partners in Education with Parents (PEP) Financial Information for Parents & Families Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Search Menu Search for: Search Close Need Blind Policy How WashU Helps › Need Blind Policy How WashU Helps First Year Grants Need Blind Policy No-Loan Policy WashU Pledge WashU's Gateway to Success initiative is a $1 billion additional financial aid commitment that allows us to be "need blind" in our admission process for first-year applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents. WashU does not consider an applicant's ability to pay when making admission decisions. Common questions What does "need blind" mean? WashU does not consider an applicant's ability to pay when making admission decisions. Additionally, WashU continues to guarantee to meet 100% of demonstrated financial need for all admitted students. So, whether a student needs a small amount of aid or the total cost of attendance, they will be considered for admission based on their abilities, not on their ability to pay. Why is this important? We want to make WashU accessible to every qualified student. We do this by removing barriers to admission and providing financial resources to make sure all qualified students are able to attend, regardless of their ability to pay. In our review, we look for evidence of academic potential, strong personal characteristics and qualities, activities and commitment, and potential for fit and engagement in the WashU community. Why is this possible? This investment in our students, which the university is calling Gateway to Success, is possible largely as a result of the extraordinary 65% return on the university's Managed Endowment Pool for the 2020-21 fiscal year. It includes $800 million in endowed funding to support need-blind undergraduate admissions. What about people who can afford tuition? Will this make it harder for some applicants to be admitted? All applications are reviewed in an individualized manner with one goal in mind: to get to know the applicant as a person and understand how that student would both benefit from and contribute to the WashU experience. Since WashU is "need blind" do I still need to apply for financial aid? Yes! It is important that you complete your financial aid application by the stated deadline for your decision plan. We will use the information in your financial aid application to ensure we are meeting 100% of your demonstrated need. Does this apply to all applicants? Our need-blind admission policy applies to all first-year applicants for undergraduate admission who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Not included in this program are international applicants, transfer students, and students admitted from our wait list, although we meet 100% of demonstrated need for these students. Contact Office of Financial Aid MSC 1041-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 Physical Address: Room 020 Sumers Welcome Center 314-935-5900 | 888-547-6670 | financial@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Resources Financial Aid Portal Form Library Net Price Calculator Undergraduate Admissions Report Website Issue Contact Us Cost Calculators Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Financial Well-being Policies and Procedures Consumer Information ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top