Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Financial Aid Close How Aid Works How Aid Works Scholarships Grants Federal Work-Study Special Circumstances Loans Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Policies and Procedures How WashU Helps How WashU Helps No-Loan Policy WashU Pledge First Year Grants Need Blind Policy Costs Costs Cost Calculators Apply for Aid Apply for Aid First-Year US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants US Citizen/ Permanent Resident Transfer Applicants International Applicants (First-Year and Transfer) Graduate Students Form Library Renew Aid Renew Aid Student Financial Tools Budgeting Advice Payment & Financing Payment & Financing Standard Billing Installment Payment Plan Partners in Education with Parents (PEP) Financial Information for Parents & Families Financial Aid Portal Form Library Contact Us Search Menu Search for: Search Close Costs Let's break down the cost. When you apply, you will see how our need-based financial aid and scholarship programs make a WashU education truly affordable for you and your family. Questions? We're here to help. Estimate your expected family contribution Undergraduate tuition and fees for 2026-27 University charges Tuition $71,310 Student activity fee $712 Student health and wellness fee $700 Average housing and food (university meal plan)* $24,272 Total university charges $96,994 *Housing and food (university meal plan) rates depend on the room and meal plan selected. The costs above are for full-time undergraduate students. Housing and food (university meal plan) are based on a modern double-room in university housing and the Platinum Plan meal plan. Changes to housing or meal plans will result in a corresponding change to financial aid. Expenses not billed by the university will vary by student. Other expense estimates These expenses are not billed by the university. The estimates below are based on surveys of current WashU students. Books and supplies* $1,412 Travel^ $1,050 Miscellaneous** $2,804 Total Other Estimated Expenses $5,266 *Actual cost for books and supplies is determined by the classes you take, if you rent vs. purchase, where you get them, etc. Some programs may require the purchase of specific computer equipment. ^Will you fly or drive? What is the approximate cost round-trip? Estimate four trips per academic year for travel. **Clothing, personal essentials, recreation, etc. Personal, non-education expenses vary by student. Now calculate your cost. Our cost estimation tools, which have been designed to give you an estimate of what your family may be expected to pay to attend WashU. These tools vary in terms of how much information you need to enter to get a sense of the amount of financial aid you might receive. It's important to note that your financial aid offer will not be affected by your decision round. We follow the same process across both Early Decision and Regular Decision rounds, to ensure all students receive a financial aid offer that meets their full demonstrated need. Start with our Initial Net Price Estimator-all you need to enter is your family income and the number of siblings in college. Learn more about our cost calculators Consider the estimates provided by these tools to be the start of the conversation about financial aid and affordability at WashU. Contact Student Financial Services with any questions or to discuss your initial estimates, especially if you have special circumstances that weren't covered. Instant estimate The Instant Net Price Estimator provides a quick ballpark range of your cost to attend WashU. Simply enter your family income and the number of siblings in college, and you'll get an initial look at what a WashU education may cost you. Please note the following: Students with noncustodial parents should use this tool separately for each parent and add the results. Estimates may be less precise for students whose parents are self-employed or small business owners This tool is not applicable to international students. Detailed estimates Now that you have a general sense of what a WashU education might cost, it's time to drill down to a more specific estimate. We offer two cost calculators that allow you to provide more detailed financial information. MyinTuition This calculator asks six basic financial questions to provide you with a quick estimate of college costs and works best for families with less complex financial situations. Use MyinTuition Net Price Calculator This calculator asks more in-depth questions to generate an estimate of your net price. The calculator takes no more than twenty minutes to complete. Find your net price Health insurance The university requires all full-time, degree-seeking students to have health insurance. The WashU Student Health Insurance Plan is billed to students in the fall semester, but the coverage is for a full 12 months. To opt out of the plan, you must prove that you have adequate coverage through another plan by September 5. Read student health insurance plan WashU graduate and professional school costs Financial aid, for many students, is an important consideration in the decision to pursue higher education. For admission to a graduate program, you should apply directly to the school or department in which you are interested. Arts & Sciences Brown School of Social Work Bursky School of Public Health McKelvey School of Engineering Olin Business School Sam Fox School Design & Visual Arts School of Law School of Medicine School of Continuing & Professional Studies Discover More How WashU aid works Calculate your cost Find WashU scholarships Contact Office of Financial Aid MSC 1041-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 Physical Address: Room 020 Sumers Welcome Center 314-935-5900 | 888-547-6670 | financial@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Resources Financial Aid Portal Form Library Net Price Calculator Undergraduate Admissions Report Website Issue Contact Us Cost Calculators Common Questions Financial Aid Dictionary Financial Well-being Policies and Procedures Consumer Information ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top