Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Undergraduate Admissions Close Academics Academics Majors & Programs PreHealth Beyond Boundaries Joint Degree Program in Business and Computer Science Student Support First-Generation and Low-Income Student Support Rural and Small-Town Student Support Heartland Initiative WashU Rural Scholars Academy Experiential Learning Study Abroad Life at WashU Life at WashU Athletics & Recreation Campus Arts & Music Dining Services First-Year Experience Health, Wellness, and Safety Incoming Class Profile Leadership, Service, & Sustainability Residential Halls & Communities St. Louis After WashU Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Scholarships Signature Scholar Programs School Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarships How to Apply How to Apply What We're Looking For First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Application Dates & Deadlines Common Questions Admissions Glossary Application Fee Waiver English Testing Requirements Optional Video Supplement Portfolio Reviews QuestBridge Schoolhouse.world Visit Us Visit Us Maps & Directions Lodging & Local Eats Transportation Group Visits Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Search Menu Search for: Search Close Common Questions How to Apply › Common Questions How to Apply Admissions Glossary Application Dates & Deadlines Application Fee Waiver Common Questions English Testing Requirements First-Year International Applicants First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants Optional Video Supplement Portfolio Reviews QuestBridge Schoolhouse.world Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) What We're Looking For You have questions, and we have answers. We've tried to answer a few of the more frequently asked questions here. If you still have questions about WashU, the application process, financial aid, or anything else, please contact us ! View Student Financial Services common questions Application process Does WashU prefer the Coalition Application or the Common Application? We accept both the Coalition Application or the Common Application , and we have no preference for either one. Students should only submit one or the other, not both. Once you have started with one application, you should complete that application and not switch between the two. Both applications are available on August 1. What are WashU's admissions policies toward undocumented students? Undocumented students receive the same admissions review as all applicants to our undergraduate programs. Students may choose to apply through the Common Application or the Coalition Application, which have optional questions regarding undocumented/DACA status. Applicants who are currently in the DACA Status (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) should select "U.S. Resident" for citizenship status on the 2026-2027 Common Application. What does "need-blind" mean? Our need-blind policy for first-year applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents means we will not consider an applicant's ability to pay when making admission decisions. So, whether a student needs a small amount of assistance or the total cost of attendance, they will be considered for admission based on their abilities, not on their ability to pay. This policy does not affect the financial aid process-we are committed to meeting 100 percent of demonstrated financial need for all students admitted to WashU. Learn more What standardized test scores does WashU accept? WashU has adopted a test optional policy. If you opt to submit scores, we accept the following standardized tests: SAT Test ACT Test The ACT science section is optional and not required by WashU. If you decide to complete the science section, we will use your best score (with or without Science) in your ACT Superscore Composite calculation. We do not require the writing test if you submit ACT scores or the optional Essay if you submit SAT scores. We do not have a preference for either the SAT or the ACT. Test results from any of your high school years are acceptable. WashU accepts self-reported scores on the Common and Coalition applications. We hope this policy will make the application more accessible for you, since you will no longer have to formally request scores and pay for them to be sent to WashU. If you enroll at WashU and submitted unofficial scores, we will then ask you to send official score reports from testing agencies (ACT code: 2386; SAT code: 6929). For the ACT, WashU considers your highest section scores across all the test dates that you submit. If you take both the ACT and SAT, we will consider whichever set of scores is most advantageous to you. We will "Super Score" your ACT or SAT scores and consider your highest section scores across all test dates you submit (we will accept individual section retakes on the ACT). The last test date accepted will be the December testing (October if applying Early Action or Early Decision I). Can I use generative AI (like ChatGPT) to help with my application to WashU? When we review your application, we want to get to know you and understand your potential fit. Therefore, when you're drafting your essays, it's important that we hear from you. Relying on tools such as ChatGPT or Claude to compose for you will result in an inauthentic, more generic writing that doesn't showcase your unique attributes. Learn more about how we review your application. If you choose to use generative AI in your application process, we expect you to do so ethically: Always Researching colleges and developing your list of colleges are ethical uses of AI. Sometimes Reviewing the grammar and spelling of your completed essays can be a helpful use of AI, but you may ask a teacher or counselor to review as well. You can use AI to find answers to questions you have about the application process; beware that AI can be wrong or out of date! We are always available to answer your questions, just email us at admissions@wustl.edu . Never Unethical uses include (but are not limited to) using AI to brainstorm essay topics or draft or write your essays; generating images for your Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts portfolio; or producing fraudulent application materials such as a letter of recommendation, a transcript of high school courses, or a certificate for an award. If race/ethnicity cannot be used as part of the admissions process, should I provide that information when I complete admissions application? Providing your race or ethnicity is always optional. And it is not a factor we consider as part of the admissions process. However, we value diversity of perspectives. And we believe that those perspectives come from a variety of experiences and identity. I understand that race/ethnicity cannot be used as part of the admissions process. If I choose to provide this information, what will you do with it? When available, we are required to report this information to the federal government to remain in compliance. Majors and Programs Why am I asked to choose one of the five academic schools when I apply? Our academic schools offering undergraduate programs-Architecture, Art, Arts & Sciences, Business, and Engineering-offer different curricula for various areas of academic interest. We encourage students to think about where their interests may lie at the time they apply, in terms of a major and a degree path to pursue, and to select one of the schools as the primary point of interest on their application. We encourage academic exploration and students can take courses in other schools/fields. For example, art students may study history, business students poetry, engineering students music, and so forth. But, we ask you to indicate which of the schools is your primary choice now, so we can provide effective academic advising from the start to help you achieve your goals. Which academic school will offer me the best chance of admission? Overall admission percentages within our academic schools may vary from year to year. We look for the same qualities in our applicants across all academic schools at WashU, and we encourage you to apply to the school that offers courses and majors in which you are most interested at the time you apply. What if I change my mind about what I want to study? Applicants: If you want to change your academic school on your application before decisions are released, simply send your request in writing to admissions@wustl.edu . Include your full name as it appears on your application for admission and the name of the high school you attend. If you have questions, call our office at 800-638-0700 or 314-935-6000, and ask to speak with an Admissions Officer or your Admissions Services Coordinator. Enrolling students: Enrolling first-year students are required to wait one full semester before requesting a change to another undergraduate school at WashU. Transferring to another academic school is possible but not guaranteed. Please keep in mind that: You will be able to take courses in all of the colleges as you explore your academic interests You can work with your academic advisor to add a major or minor in another WashU academic school You have until the latter half of your sophomore year to decide on your academic major, and your advisors will provide support if you change your mind after that! Enrolling transfer students are also required to wait one full semester before requesting a change to another undergraduate school at WashU. Does WashU have an accelerated BS/MD program or a program for early admission to medical school? No, WashU does not currently offer an accelerated program for entry to medical school. Rather, WashU offers a comprehensive pre-health sciences curriculum that advises and educates all students interested in a career in the health sciences as they prepare for medical school. WashU's PreHealth website has detailed information about how we provide comprehensive advising and support to students on their path toward a career in the health professions. First-Year Academic Scholarships I'm applying Early Decision. Am I eligible for scholarships? Yes. If you apply under our binding Early Decision I or II plan, you will be given full consideration for merit-based scholarships . Scholarships are not awarded until spring. If your ability to attend WashU is dependent upon receiving a merit scholarship, we recommend that you apply in the non-binding Regular Decision round. If I am eligible for financial aid based on need and also receive a scholarship, will the scholarship affect my financial aid offer? If your scholarship covers your financial needs, you will no longer require need-based financial aid. However, Student Financial Services will work with your family's individual circumstances to ensure that your WashU education is affordable for you and your family. If I am awarded a scholarship, what grade-point average will I need to maintain? Scholarships are renewable for four years as long as you are making satisfactory progress toward a bachelor's degree. This is generally defined as maintaining a 2.0 GPA and earning enough credits to graduate on time. Can my scholarship be applied to a study abroad program? Yes, if you choose to study abroad during the academic year through a WashU-sponsored program. Admitted students Can an applicant who has been admitted defer enrollment? WashU recognizes that a small number of first-year students each year may request to defer their admission for a year and take a gap year to complete military service; religious commitments; a well-defined, substantial personal growth opportunity (including travel); or for other personal reasons. Students are unable to enroll full-time in another institution during this time. Deferral requests are evaluated by the Admissions Office on a case-by-case basis, and admitted students must complete and submit their Acceptance Form and Enrollment Deposit prior to requesting a gap year. Students must email the Admissions Office ( admissions@wustl.edu ) to request a gap year by May 15, 2027. Students will be notified of the outcome of their requests by June 1, 2027. Requests are granted for one year. Requests for a second year are also granted on a case-by-case basis, typically in the event of compulsory military or religious service. Please note that the Admissions Office considers all deferral requests individually, taking into account the needs of each student. Students and families with questions/concerns about the gap year process or with extenuating circumstances should contact the Admissions Office ( admissions@wustl.edu ). If you need to request a gap year after the May 15 deadline, please contact the Admissions Office for help. Will coursework transfer if I am enrolled part-time at another university? Students do not typically attend another university during a gap year. However, if they do complete coursework they must contact their dean's office at WashU to have an assessment of any credits earned to see if they will transfer. The dean's office has the final say on transferability of any credits earned. Contact Office of Undergraduate Admissions MSC 1089-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 314-935-6000 | 800-638-0700 | admissions@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Application Info How to Apply Application Dates & Deadlines First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Common Questions Information for: Counselors & Community Based Organizers High School Students First-Gen and Low-Income Students Rural and Small-Town Students Military and Veteran Students International Students WashU Pathway Financial Aid Find your admissions officer Request Info Consumer Information Website Privacy Policy Report Website Issue ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top