Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Undergraduate Admissions Close Academics Academics Majors & Programs PreHealth Beyond Boundaries Joint Degree Program in Business and Computer Science Student Support First-Generation and Low-Income Student Support Rural and Small-Town Student Support Heartland Initiative WashU Rural Scholars Academy Experiential Learning Study Abroad Life at WashU Life at WashU Athletics & Recreation Campus Arts & Music Dining Services First-Year Experience Health, Wellness, and Safety Incoming Class Profile Leadership, Service, & Sustainability Residential Halls & Communities St. Louis After WashU Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Scholarships Signature Scholar Programs School Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarships How to Apply How to Apply What We're Looking For First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Application Dates & Deadlines Common Questions Admissions Glossary Application Fee Waiver English Testing Requirements Optional Video Supplement Portfolio Reviews QuestBridge Schoolhouse.world Visit Us Visit Us Maps & Directions Lodging & Local Eats Transportation Group Visits Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Search Menu Search for: Search Close Cost & Aid An exceptional education that you can afford. Think WashU is out of reach? Think again. We're committed to making a world-class education accessible. $75K average need-based financial aid offer 100% demonstrated financial need met without loans $0 The WashU Pledge gives full rides to qualifying MO and IL students Estimate your cost. Enter your family income and the number of siblings in college, and you'll get an initial estimate at what a WashU education may cost you. Please note the following: Students with noncustodial parents should use this tool separately for each parent and add the results. Estimates may be less precise for students whose parents are self-employed or small business owners This tool is not applicable to international students. Break down the cost of attendance Get a more accurate estimate with cost calculators Personalized assistance. From day one, your dedicated financial aid counselor will get to know you and your family. We will work with you, individually, to understand your personal financial situation. Whether you apply for Early Action, Early Decision, or Regular Decision, your financial aid offer will be determined in the exact same way. Learn how aid works Connect with your counselor. Students are assigned a dedicated financial aid counselor based on the first letter of their last name. This counselor will remain their primary point of contact for all four years of undergraduate study, providing consistent support and guidance throughout their academic journey. Reach out to a counselor Additional funding options Academic scholarships For students who show exceptional academic performance and outstanding promise-you will be automatically considered for academic scholarships based on your application for admission. Explore scholarships Signature Scholar Programs WashU's Signature Scholar Programs offer unique academic and cultural communities. Explore scholar programs QuestBridge QuestBridge is a national platform that connects the nation's brightest students from low-income backgrounds with leading institutions of higher education. Learn more about QuestBridge Financing options WashU's array of flexible payment plans and financing options help manage the cost of your education. Whether you choose our Partners in Education with Parents, one of the best financing programs in the country, or one of our flexible installment payment plans, WashU is here to make sure cost is not a barrier. Browse financing options Discover More Use cost calculators View cost of attendance Explore scholarships Contact Office of Undergraduate Admissions MSC 1089-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 314-935-6000 | 800-638-0700 | admissions@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Application Info How to Apply Application Dates & Deadlines First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Common Questions Information for: Counselors & Community Based Organizers High School Students First-Gen and Low-Income Students Rural and Small-Town Students Military and Veteran Students International Students WashU Pathway Financial Aid Find your admissions officer Request Info Consumer Information Website Privacy Policy Report Website Issue ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top