Skip to content Skip to search Skip to footer Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Undergraduate Admissions Close Academics Academics Majors & Programs PreHealth Beyond Boundaries Joint Degree Program in Business and Computer Science Student Support First-Generation and Low-Income Student Support Rural and Small-Town Student Support Heartland Initiative WashU Rural Scholars Academy Experiential Learning Study Abroad Life at WashU Life at WashU Athletics & Recreation Campus Arts & Music Dining Services First-Year Experience Health, Wellness, and Safety Incoming Class Profile Leadership, Service, & Sustainability Residential Halls & Communities St. Louis After WashU Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Scholarships Signature Scholar Programs School Scholarships Transfer Student Scholarships How to Apply How to Apply What We're Looking For First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Application Dates & Deadlines Common Questions Admissions Glossary Application Fee Waiver English Testing Requirements Optional Video Supplement Portfolio Reviews QuestBridge Schoolhouse.world Visit Us Visit Us Maps & Directions Lodging & Local Eats Transportation Group Visits Applicant Portal Request Info Contact Us Preparing for College Search Menu Search for: Search Close Financial Documentation Explore the resources available on the OISS website to help ensure a smooth and enjoyable integration process. Getting started The Office for International Students and Scholars (OISS) is dedicated to supporting you every step of the way. Follow the steps outlined on the OISS website to apply for your I-20 or DS-2019 . Get started with OISS Financial documentation International students applying for F-1 or J-1 immigration status must show evidence of funding and complete the Affidavit of Financial Support (AOFS) . Email your AOFS and any supporting documents to your Admissions Service Officer . Documentation must be in the form of the Affidavit of Financial Support form and proof of funding (official bank letter, official bank statement, or official sponsorship letter on letterhead). We will forward your documentation to OISS. Learn about Financial Documentation & AOFS Information for F-2s Who Want to Study at WashU Dependents of F-1 students come in F-2 immigration status using an individual I-20 attached to the F-1 primary visa holder's SEVIS record. Learn about Dependent Status: Spouses and Children MyOISS MyOISS is a technology platform used by OISS to assist and interact with F-1 and J-1 students throughout their time as a student at WashU and beyond. MyOISS is the primary tool you will use to request and access immigration documents and to maintain your immigration status while under sponsorship of WashU. This platform is essential for managing your immigration documents, creating requests with OISS, and reporting required immigration information to the U.S. government. It will also help you navigate university policies and federal regulations related to your F or J student immigration status. Log in to MyOISS Contact the Office for International Students and Scholars Mailing address: MSC 1083-226-330 Washington University in St. Louis One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 USA Phone and email 314-935-5910 oiss@wustl.edu Contact Office of Undergraduate Admissions MSC 1089-105-05 One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 314-935-6000 | 800-638-0700 | admissions@wustl.edu Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat TikTok Application Info How to Apply Application Dates & Deadlines First-Year U.S. Citizen/ Permanent Resident Applicants First-Year International Applicants Transfer Applicants (U.S. and International) Common Questions Information for: Counselors & Community Based Organizers High School Students First-Gen and Low-Income Students Rural and Small-Town Students Military and Veteran Students International Students WashU Pathway Financial Aid Find your admissions officer Request Info Consumer Information Website Privacy Policy Report Website Issue ©2026 Washington University in St. Louis Go back to top