Skip to main content Primary Navigation About About Overview Mission, Vision, & History Mission, Vision, & History Submenu History of Financial Aid Alumni Resources Dean Deming Dean Deming Submenu Messages to Students Dean's Speeches Dean's Office Staff Campus Campus Submenu Campus Spotlights Harvard Terms & Acronyms Información en Español College Offices College News Admissions Admissions Overview Admissions Overview Submenu Admissions Statistics Why Harvard Why Harvard Submenu Affordability Academic Environment Residential Life Innovation Arts & Humanities Student Activities Community and Access Explore Harvard Explore Harvard Submenu On-Campus Visits Meet Us Online Virtual Tour Connect With Students Recruitment Ambassadors Undergraduate Viewbook Apply Apply Submenu First-Year Applicants Considering a Gap Year Application Requirements Transfer Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Visiting Undergraduate Students International Applicants QuestBridge Application High School Counselors High School Counselors Submenu Parents & Families Financial Aid Financial Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Net Price Calculator Submenu Calculadora de precios netos How Aid Works How Aid Works Submenu Types of Aid Bills & Payments Apply For Financial Aid Apply For Financial Aid Submenu Prospective Students Current Students Financial Aid Forms Additional Funding & Procedures Additional Funding & Procedures Submenu Managing Your Aid Study Abroad Summer School Federal Disclosures Academics Academics Overview Liberal Arts & Sciences Liberal Arts & Sciences Submenu Concentrations Dual Programs of Study for Music Study Abroad Faculty Research Advising Student Life Student Life Overview Student Life Overview Submenu Events Residential Life Residential Life Submenu Navigating Campus Cambridge & Boston Student Activities Student Activities Submenu Leadership & Service Traditions Athletics Health & Wellbeing Student Stories Student Stories Submenu Meet Our Students Alumni Profiles Menu and Search News Events Guides Guides Search Close Menu, Guides, and Resources Menu, Guides, and Resources About Toggle About submenu About Overview Mission, Vision, & History Alumni Resources Dean Deming Campus College Offices College News Admissions Toggle Admissions submenu Admissions Overview Why Harvard Explore Harvard Apply High School Counselors Financial Aid Toggle Financial Aid submenu Financial Aid Overview Net Price Calculator How Aid Works Apply For Financial Aid Additional Funding & Procedures Federal Disclosures Academics Toggle Academics submenu Academics Overview Liberal Arts & Sciences Faculty Research Advising Student Life Toggle Student Life submenu Student Life Overview Residential Life Student Activities Athletics Health & Wellbeing Student Stories Guides Toggle Guides submenu Application Tips Navigating Campus Preparing for College How to Complete the FAFSA What to Expect After You Apply All Guides Resources Toggle Resources submenu FAQs Parents & Families Alumni School Counselors Información en Español Undergraduate Viewbook All Resources News Toggle News submenu Traditions Community Features Announcements Academics & Research Beyond the Classroom Stories of Excellence Events Helpful Links Frequently Asked Questions Applicant Portal Admitted Students Contact Us My.Harvard University Resources Academic Calendar Campus Map Dean of Students Office Directory Office of Undergraduate Education Office of Student Services Important Addresses Harvard College University Hall Cambridge, MA 02138 Harvard College Admissions Office and Griffin Financial Aid Office 86 Brattle Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Social Links Copyright © 2026 The President & Fellows of Harvard College If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the "European Economic Area"), please click here for additional information about ways that certain Harvard University Schools, Centers, units and controlled entities, including this one, may collect, use, and share information about you. Guides Toggle Guides submenu Application Tips Navigating Campus Preparing for College How to Complete the FAFSA What to Expect After You Apply All Guides Resources Toggle Resources submenu FAQs Parents & Families Alumni School Counselors Información en Español Undergraduate Viewbook All Resources Close Search and Useful Links Search the site Search * Search Suggestions Top Searched Tuition Majors Courses Scholarships Sports International Students Transfer Common Questions What is the difference between Harvard College and Harvard University? What is a "liberal arts & sciences" education? Paying the admissions application fee is a hardship for my family. Can I get a waiver? Can I self-report my test scores? Helpful Links FAQs Applicant Portal Events Contact Us my.harvard International Applicants Breadcrumb Home - Admissions - Apply - International Applicants On This Page: Overview Common Questions Financial Aid Standardized Tests English Language Proficiency International Interviews Translated Materials Privacy Information Overview Applying From Abroad We welcome applications from all over the world. Our admissions and financial aid processes are the same for all applicants - regardless of nationality or citizenship. International Frequently Asked Questions How do international students apply? The application requirements are the same for all applicants whether a student attends high school inside or outside the U.S. All first-year candidates must complete the Common Application along with the required supplements. We have no preference and each application is treated equally by the Admissions Committee. View our detailed application requirements here . Which standardized tests does Harvard require? Harvard requires the SAT or ACT to meet its standardized testing requirement. In exceptional cases, when those are not accessible for a student, one of the following can meet the requirement: AP exam results IB Actual or Predicted Scores GCSE/A-Level Actual or Predicted Results National Leaving Exams Results (externally assessed) or Predictions Exceptional cases typically involve a student facing challenges in paying for or accessing a test site or a student being unable to secure an available seat at a test site prior to the Regular Decision deadline. The Admissions Committee does not expect applicants to go to extraordinary measures to access SAT or ACT test sites. Applicants will have an opportunity to provide an explanation for why they are unable to submit the SAT or ACT. Students who have other forms of testing listed above (AP, IB, GCSE, or National Leaving Exams) are still expected to take an SAT or ACT and submit those scores, if financial considerations or test availability would not limit their ability to do so. English language proficiency examinations such as the TOEFL, IELTS and Duolingo cannot be used to meet the standardized testing requirement, though students are welcome to submit them for review as part of their application materials. Students may self report their standardized test scores. If the cost of taking the SAT or ACT is of concern, keep in mind that both the College Board and ACT provide fee waivers to some domestic students from low-income families. Students who are non-US citizens attending secondary schools outside the US are not typically eligible for SAT or ACT fee waivers. If applicants are ineligible for fee waivers, but still face financial hardship in paying for a SAT or ACT, the Admissions Committee still encourages these students to apply. We encourage students in this situation to take and submit results from other standardized tests to which they have greater access. For instance, students lacking access to the SAT or ACT may submit AP or GCSE results, IB/A-level/other national leaving exam predictions or results. Do I have to take the TOEFL? A strong knowledge of English is essential for successful study at Harvard, including the ability to understand and express thoughts quickly and clearly. First-year and transfer applicants are not required to take an English proficiency exam, but you may submit scores if you wish to do so. Visiting Undergraduate Students program applicants are required to take either the TOEFL or IELTS exams . Are there quotas for international applicants? There are no quotas or limits of any kind at any point in the admissions process. All students are considered in the same pool for all places in the incoming class, regardless of citizenship or the secondary school they attend. A student's chances for admission and financial aid are not affected by citizenship or by the location of the school that the student attends. Does Harvard offer admission application fee waivers to international students? We are committed to making the application process accessible for all students. If the admissions application fee presents a hardship for you or your family, the fee will be waived. You can request a fee waiver directly through the Common Application, if you meet their respective indicators of economic need. If you do not meet these indicators, please follow these instructions to learn how to get your fee waived . Requesting a fee waiver will not disadvantage your application in any way. Will Harvard provide travel expenses for international students who receive financial aid? All students, American and international, who are on financial aid have a travel allowance included in their financial aid award to help cover the cost of travel to and from Cambridge. Overseas students are advised to seek information from the nearest U.S. Cultural Affairs Office about travel grants and other financial assistance available to qualified students from various foundations and from the U.S. government. Common Questions We are often asked by prospective students, "Do you count me as an international applicant?" Because all applicants follow the same procedures and timetables and are eligible for the same financial aid, we do not need to categorize individual applicants as either international or domestic. We have foreign citizens applying from American high schools and American citizens applying from high schools around the world. When we refer to "international admissions," we are generally referring to applicants who apply from schools outside the United States as the documentation submitted by those schools may differ substantially from that submitted by an American high school and may require specialized knowledge. Please note that we do not have quotas or limits based on either citizenship or location of high school. Furthermore, admissions decisions are made without regard to whether an applicant has applied for financial aid, even if the applicant is a foreign citizen. Learn More - International Brochure Financial Aid Our financial aid policies are the same for all applicants, regardless of nationality or citizenship. All aid is based on financial need, and admissions decisions are made without regard to whether an applicant has applied for financial assistance. Harvard meets each student's demonstrated need. Learn more about how aid works Calculate Your Net Price How affordable will Harvard be for your family? See for yourself with our Net Price Calculator. Try our Net Price Calculator Standardized Tests Harvard will accept the SAT or ACT to meet the standardized testing requirement. In exceptional cases, when those are not accessible for a student, one of the following can meet the requirement: AP exam results IB Actual or Predicted Scores GCSE/A-Level Actual or Predicted Results National Leaving Exams Results or Predictions English language proficiency examinations such as the TOEFL, IELTS and Duolingo cannot be used to meet the standardized testing requirement, though students are welcome to submit them for review as part of their application materials. Students may self report their standardized test scores. If the cost of taking the SAT or ACT is of concern, keep in mind that both the College Board and ACT provide fee waivers to some domestic students from low-income families. Students who are non-US citizens attending secondary schools outside the US are not typically eligible for SAT or ACT fee waivers. If applicants are ineligible for fee waivers, but still face financial hardship in paying for a SAT or ACT, the Admissions Committee still encourages these students to apply. We encourage students in this situation to take and submit results from other standardized tests to which they have greater access. For instance, students lacking access to the SAT or ACT may submit AP or GCSE results, IB/A-level/other national leaving exam predictions or results. More information about standardized testing is included on our application requirements page. English Language Proficiency A strong knowledge of English is essential for successful study at Harvard, including the ability to understand and express thoughts quickly and clearly. Although you are not required to take an English proficiency exam (such as the TOEFL, IELTS, etc.), you may submit scores if you wish to do so. Explore Harvard Use our Virtual Tour to discover spaces that aren't even available on an in-person campus tour, such as classrooms, laboratories, residence halls, and more. Take Our Virtual Tour International Interviews While we try to make alumni interviews as widely available as possible, we are unable to interview all applicants. The absence of an interview will not adversely affect your candidacy. Please see our guide on what to expect after you apply for information on arranging an interview. What to expect after you apply Translated Materials If you choose to provide translated versions of your academic credentials or letters of recommendation, please note that you should not translate the documents yourself. You do not need, however, to hire a professional translator. We are happy to receive letters translated by an English teacher, for example. All translations should include the name of the translator and his/her relationship to you. A copy of the original (untranslated) document should always accompany the translated version. Privacy Information By submitting an application, you consent to Harvard's processing Sensitive Personal Data about you in order to evaluate your application for admission and your eligibility for financial aid, if applicable. For more information, please read about consent regarding sensitive personal data and Harvard's use of that data in the admissions process . Consent regarding sensitive personal data During the application process, you and others, such as recommenders, may provide Harvard College with certain kinds of personal data about you that some laws regard as sensitive and deserving of special protection ("Sensitive Personal Data"). For example, in Europe, Sensitive Personal Data can include personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data; data concerning health; data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation; and personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences. You can find further information about how Harvard College uses personal data of individuals in Europe in the admissions process . By submitting an application, you consent to Harvard's processing Sensitive Personal Data about you in order to evaluate your application for admission and your eligibility for financial aid, if applicable. Sensitive Personal Data about you also may be processed for other purposes permitted by applicable law. Learn More About Harvard Join our email list to download our brochure and stay in touch. Sign Up Related Topics Prospective Students Find information on applying for financial aid as a first-year student. We're here to help. Residential Life From your living in a dormitory in or around Harvard Yard, to one of our iconic Houses, you'll feel at home. Application Requirements Here you'll find a detailed explanation of each requirement of the application, including teacher recommendations, test scores, and school reports. Site Footer Helpful Links Frequently Asked Questions Applicant Portal Admitted Students Contact Us My.Harvard University Resources Academic Calendar Campus Map Dean of Students Office Directory Office of Undergraduate Education Office of Student Services Important Addresses Harvard College University Hall Cambridge, MA 02138 Harvard College Admissions Office and Griffin Financial Aid Office 86 Brattle Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Social Links Footer legal links Privacy Copyright Disclosure Accessibility Digital Accessibility Copyright © 2026 The President & Fellows of Harvard College If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the "European Economic Area"), please read the Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures about ways that certain Harvard University Schools, Centers, units and controlled entities, including this one, may collect, use, and share information about you. Harvard does not discriminate against applicants or students on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry or any other protected classification. Toggle Admissions Submenu Admissions Overview Admissions Overview Submenu Admissions Statistics Why Harvard Why Harvard Submenu Affordability Academic Environment Residential Life Innovation Arts & Humanities Student Activities Community and Access Explore Harvard Explore Harvard Submenu On-Campus Visits Meet Us Online Virtual Tour Connect With Students Recruitment Ambassadors Undergraduate Viewbook Apply Apply Submenu First-Year Applicants Considering a Gap Year Application Requirements Transfer Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Visiting Undergraduate Students International Applicants QuestBridge Application High School Counselors High School Counselors Submenu Parents & Families Skip to site header Skip to main content