Skip to main content Primary Navigation About About Overview Mission, Vision, & History Mission, Vision, & History Submenu History of Financial Aid Alumni Resources Dean Deming Dean Deming Submenu Messages to Students Dean's Speeches Dean's Office Staff Campus Campus Submenu Campus Spotlights Harvard Terms & Acronyms Información en Español College Offices College News Admissions Admissions Overview Admissions Overview Submenu Admissions Statistics Why Harvard Why Harvard Submenu Affordability Academic Environment Residential Life Innovation Arts & Humanities Student Activities Community and Access Explore Harvard Explore Harvard Submenu On-Campus Visits Meet Us Online Virtual Tour Connect With Students Recruitment Ambassadors Undergraduate Viewbook Apply Apply Submenu First-Year Applicants Considering a Gap Year Application Requirements Transfer Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Visiting Undergraduate Students International Applicants QuestBridge Application High School Counselors High School Counselors Submenu Parents & Families Financial Aid Financial Aid Overview Net Price Calculator Net Price Calculator Submenu Calculadora de precios netos How Aid Works How Aid Works Submenu Types of Aid Bills & Payments Apply For Financial Aid Apply For Financial Aid Submenu Prospective Students Current Students Financial Aid Forms Additional Funding & Procedures Additional Funding & Procedures Submenu Managing Your Aid Study Abroad Summer School Federal Disclosures Academics Academics Overview Liberal Arts & Sciences Liberal Arts & Sciences Submenu Concentrations Dual Programs of Study for Music Study Abroad Faculty Research Advising Student Life Student Life Overview Student Life Overview Submenu Events Residential Life Residential Life Submenu Navigating Campus Cambridge & Boston Student Activities Student Activities Submenu Leadership & Service Traditions Athletics Health & Wellbeing Student Stories Student Stories Submenu Meet Our Students Alumni Profiles Menu and Search News Events Guides Guides Search Close Menu, Guides, and Resources Menu, Guides, and Resources About Toggle About submenu About Overview Mission, Vision, & History Alumni Resources Dean Deming Campus College Offices College News Admissions Toggle Admissions submenu Admissions Overview Why Harvard Explore Harvard Apply High School Counselors Financial Aid Toggle Financial Aid submenu Financial Aid Overview Net Price Calculator How Aid Works Apply For Financial Aid Additional Funding & Procedures Federal Disclosures Academics Toggle Academics submenu Academics Overview Liberal Arts & Sciences Faculty Research Advising Student Life Toggle Student Life submenu Student Life Overview Residential Life Student Activities Athletics Health & Wellbeing Student Stories Guides Toggle Guides submenu Application Tips Navigating Campus Preparing for College How to Complete the FAFSA What to Expect After You Apply All Guides Resources Toggle Resources submenu FAQs Parents & Families Alumni School Counselors Información en Español Undergraduate Viewbook All Resources News Toggle News submenu Traditions Community Features Announcements Academics & Research Beyond the Classroom Stories of Excellence Events Helpful Links Frequently Asked Questions Applicant Portal Admitted Students Contact Us My.Harvard University Resources Academic Calendar Campus Map Dean of Students Office Directory Office of Undergraduate Education Office of Student Services Important Addresses Harvard College University Hall Cambridge, MA 02138 Harvard College Admissions Office and Griffin Financial Aid Office 86 Brattle Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Social Links Copyright © 2026 The President & Fellows of Harvard College If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the "European Economic Area"), please click here for additional information about ways that certain Harvard University Schools, Centers, units and controlled entities, including this one, may collect, use, and share information about you. Guides Toggle Guides submenu Application Tips Navigating Campus Preparing for College How to Complete the FAFSA What to Expect After You Apply All Guides Resources Toggle Resources submenu FAQs Parents & Families Alumni School Counselors Información en Español Undergraduate Viewbook All Resources Close Search and Useful Links Search the site Search * Search Suggestions Top Searched Tuition Majors Courses Scholarships Sports International Students Transfer Common Questions What is the difference between Harvard College and Harvard University? What is a "liberal arts & sciences" education? Paying the admissions application fee is a hardship for my family. Can I get a waiver? Can I self-report my test scores? Helpful Links FAQs Applicant Portal Events Contact Us my.harvard Application Requirements Breadcrumb Home - Admissions - Apply - Application Requirements On This Page: Overview Application School Reports and Teacher Recommendations Standardized Test Scores Supplemental Materials Overview We look forward to learning about you through your application. Here you'll find a detailed explanation of each admission application requirement. Most of the information here applies to both first-year and transfer applicants, and requirements are the same for domestic and international applicants. Don't forget to reference our Application Tips for guidance on filling out the Common Application. Application We accept the Common Application . Complete and submit your materials as soon as possible to ensure full and timely consideration of your application. Your portions of the application are due by the application deadlines (November 1 for Restrictive Early Action and January 1 for Regular Decision); high school counselors are given an additional week to submit materials on your behalf. When you use the Common Application , you must submit your application before your supporting materials (Secondary School Report, Teacher Recommendations, etc.) can be released to a college. Until you submit your own application sections, no part of your application will be transmitted to the Harvard Admissions Office. We are also a QuestBridge partner institution. Visit our QuestBridge page for more information on applying via the National College Match. Submitting Your Application Receiving confirmation of your application After you submit your application, we will send an email confirmation with a PIN to access the Applicant Portal. We begin sending these daily application confirmation emails in mid-September each year. Most applicants receive their confirmation email the day after they submit their application online. Applications sent in the mail will take up to two weeks to process. If you have not received your confirmation email, please check your spam/junk folder for messages from college@fas.harvard.edu or fileroom@fas.harvard.edu. If you have searched your inbox and still cannot find your confirmation email, we encourage you to check the application system you used to ensure you clicked "Submit" and not just "Save". If you still cannot locate your application confirmation email, please contact us . Choose the category "Admissions" and then the subject "Applicant Questions (if you've already submitted your application)" in the drop-down menu, or call 617-495-1551. Paying the application fee or requesting a fee waiver You may pay your application fee online with a credit card via the Common Application website. You may also send a check or money order to Harvard College Admissions, 86 Brattle Street, Cambridge, MA 02138. Please include the applicant's name with the payment. Fee waivers: We are committed to making the application process accessible for all students. If the admissions application fee presents a hardship for you or your family and you plan on applying for financial aid, the fee will be waived. Please follow these instructions to request your fee waiver . Requesting a fee waiver will not disadvantage your application in any way. Completing the Harvard supplement questions Complete the Harvard Questions with the Common Application. This includes the following five required short-answer questions, each with a 150 word limit. Harvard has long recognized the importance of enrolling a student body with a diversity of perspectives and experiences. How will the life experiences that shaped who you are today enable you to contribute to Harvard? Describe a time when you strongly disagreed with someone about an idea or issue. How did you communicate or engage with this person? What did you learn from this experience? Briefly describe any of your extracurricular activities, employment experience, travel, or family responsibilities that have shaped who you are. How do you hope to use your Harvard education in the future? Top 3 things your roommates might like to know about you. Additional application questions What if I am homeschooled? Each applicant to Harvard College is considered with great care and homeschooled applicants are treated the same as all other applicants. There is no special process, but all relevant information about your educational and personal background is welcome. In addition to the application, all applicants are required to submit a transcript (which can be created by the family member or agency overseeing your schooling), and recommendations. If the application fee presents a hardship for your family, simply request a fee waiver . Hear from Harvard students who were homeschooled, in the Harvard Gazette article ' Homeschooled en route to Harvard .' What if I need to make updates to my application after I submit it? Do not resend your application in order to make updates. If you need to update your identification or contact information, or send updates, additional information, or corrections, please do so via the Applicant Portal . Misrepresentation of Credentials Be completely accurate in your application materials. If we discover a misrepresentation during the admissions process, you will be denied admission. If you have already been admitted, your offer will typically be withdrawn. If you have already registered, your admission will normally be revoked, and we will require you to leave the College. Harvard rescinds degrees if misrepresentations in application materials are discovered. The determination that an application is inaccurate or contains misrepresentations rests solely with the Admissions Office and will be resolved outside the student disciplinary process. School Reports and Teacher Recommendations Secondary School Report The secondary school report is a required form that is submitted by your school counselor or another school leader. This form gives an overview of the student's academic record. It includes the applicant's academic transcript(s), a letter of recommendation, and a school profile (if available). If a counselor is unable to submit a letter of recommendation for the applicant, another teacher or school leader may submit an additional recommendation letter. Midyear School Report When you apply, your school counselor will often send your transcript with few or no senior year course grades included. That is why the midyear school report is required - to allow us to review your performance in the first half of your senior year coursework . The midyear school report must be completed by your school counselor or other school official. Please request that the midyear school report is completed and returned to our office as soon as possible. Midyear School Report FAQs What if I'm applying Restrictive Early Action and I don't have my midyear grades yet? Restrictive Early Action applicants are not required to submit the midyear report by the November 1 deadline. If you applied Restrictive Early Action and are deferred to Regular Decision, please submit the midyear report and transcript in February, or as soon as your midyear grades are available. I'm an international student and my academic year is different. Do I still need to submit the midyear report? If you study the IB curriculum or the A-level curriculum, then we expect that your school will send predicted grades, based on your current classroom work and the results of any internal or mock exams you have taken up to that point. If your school does not issue official or predicted midyear grades for your final year of school, then you do not need to submit the midyear report form, although the item may remain on your checklist. What if I have already graduated from high school? If you have already graduated from high school, you should ignore the midyear report requirement (though the item may remain on your Checklist in the Applicant Portal) and simply ask your school to send a final school report if you have not already done so. Teacher Evaluations Ask two teachers in different academic subjects who know you well to complete the Teacher Recommendation forms (which includes an evaluation form and a letter of recommendation). If you wish to submit additional letters of recommendation, you can do so after you submit your application. In your application confirmation email, there will be a personalized link to send to your recommenders. What courses should I take to prepare for applying to Harvard? There is no "one size fits all" rule about which curriculum to study during secondary school years. Students should challenge themselves by taking courses deemed appropriate by their teachers and counselors. But some students believe that "more is always better" when it comes to AP, IB or other advanced courses. While some students prosper academically and personally by taking large numbers of such courses, others benefit from a more balanced approach that allows them additional time for extracurricular and personal development. Even the best students can be negatively affected by taking too many courses at once, and might benefit instead from writing, reading or research projects on subjects of great interest to them. To learn more, read our Guide to Preparing for College. To avoid the "burnout" often seen among secondary school students, please refer to our article, Time Out or Burn Out for the Next Generation . Is there a specific math requirement? Applicants to Harvard should excel in a challenging high school math sequence corresponding to their educational interests and aspirations. We recommend that applicants take four years of math courses in high school. Ideally, these math courses will focus on conceptual understanding, promote higher-order thinking, and encourage students to use mathematical reasoning to critically examine the world. Examples include rigorous and relevant courses in computer science, statistics and its subfields, mathematical modeling, calculus, and other advanced math subjects. Students' math records are viewed holistically, and no specific course is required. Specifically, calculus is not a requirement for admission to Harvard. We understand that applicants do not have the same opportunities and course offerings in their high schools. Moreover, many programs of study at Harvard do not require knowledge of calculus. We encourage applicants to take the courses that are available to them and aligned with their interests and goals. Students intending to study engineering, computer science, physics, mathematics, statistics or other fields where calculus is needed may benefit from taking calculus in high school. However, students at Harvard can still pursue such fields by starting with one of our introductory calculus classes that has no high school calculus prerequisite. On balance, we encourage all students to master foundational mathematical material instead of rushing through any of the more advanced courses. Final School Report and Transcripts All admitted students who choose to enroll are required to send a Final School Report and transcript as soon as their final grades become available - no later than July 1 . The Final School Report and transcript should be completed and sent by a school counselor or other school official through: Credential exchange (preferred method) Slate.org Parchment Scrip-Safe Naviance Network Via the Common Application IB students should send their final results as soon as they are released in mid-July. We will expect to see final A levels results by mid-August. We are unable to accept a transcript as an email attachment. Standardized Test Scores Harvard requires the SAT or ACT to meet its standardized testing requirement. In exceptional cases when those tests are not accessible, one of the following can meet the requirement: AP exam results IB Actual or Predicted Scores GCSE/A-Level Actual or Predicted Results National Leaving Exams Results (externally assessed) or Predictions Exceptional cases typically involve a student facing challenges in paying for or accessing a test site or a student being unable to secure an available seat at a test site prior to the Regular Decision deadline. The Admissions Committee does not expect applicants to go to extraordinary measures to access SAT or ACT test sites. Applicants will have an opportunity to provide an explanation for why they are unable to submit the SAT or ACT. Students who have other forms of testing listed above (AP, IB, GCSE, or National Leaving Exams) are still expected to take an SAT or ACT and submit those scores, if financial considerations or test availability would not limit their ability to do so. Standardized Testing FAQs Can I self-report my test scores? Yes. Applicants may provide self-reported SAT and ACT test scores (including Subject Tests, Advanced Placement, IB, etc.). Admitted students who decide to enroll at Harvard College will be required to submit official test scores. How do I send my official test scores? You are free to use the College Board Score Choice option or the similar option offered by the ACT. Our official codes are 3434 for the College Board SAT Reasoning Tests and 1840 for the ACT. How to send your SAT scores How to send your ACT scores Are there test score "cutoffs"? There are no score cutoffs, and we do not admit "by the numbers." For the ACT, we will evaluate your highest composite score and any other scores you choose to share with us. We take into account your educational background when reviewing your scores. When do I need to take standardized tests? If you are applying Restrictive Early Action, we would like your testing results by the end of October; however, you may submit the November series if needed. For Regular Decision, although it is possible to submit scores from tests taken as late as the February, we recommend that you submit testing as early as possible. How should I prepare for standardized tests? Our admissions committee understands that opportunities to prepare for standardized tests vary greatly for students of different socioeconomic backgrounds. You may find it helpful to utilize free-test prep from Khan Academy or join a free SAT bootcamp on Schoolhouse.world . The ACT provides sample tests to practice. Such free programs could help students from under-resourced schools by providing the academic tools that will serve them well on standardized tests and also in college. Students can also do well by studying widely and deeply on their own with the help of family, school, or community organizations. What do standardized tests and grades indicate about academic preparation for college? SAT and ACT tests are better predictors of Harvard grades than high school grades. However, admission officers understand that not all students attend well-resourced schools throughout their lives, and that those who come from modest economic backgrounds or first-generation college families may have had fewer opportunities to prepare for standardized tests. High school grades in a rigorous academic program can also be helpful in assessing readiness for college courses, but the thousands of secondary schools around the country and the world employ various high school curricula and a wide range of grading systems - and some have no grades at all. Other students have been homeschooled or prepared for college by taking part in multiple schooling opportunities both in person and electronic. Given the wide variation in how students prepare for Harvard - as well as the fact that most applicants and admitted students have outstanding academic records - it is difficult for high school grades to differentiate individual applications. That does not mean that high school grades are unimportant. Students who come to Harvard have done well day to day in their high school studies, providing a crucial foundation for academic success in college, including a 97% - 98% graduation rate. Each application to Harvard is read with great care, keeping in mind that talent is everywhere, but opportunity and access are not. What if it would be a financial hardship to register for the test? If the cost of taking the SAT or ACT is of concern, keep in mind that both the College Board and ACT provide fee waivers to some domestic students from low-income families. Students who are non-US citizens attending secondary schools outside the US are not typically eligible for SAT or ACT fee waivers. If applicants are ineligible for fee waivers, but still face financial hardship in paying for a SAT or ACT, the Admissions Committee still encourages these students to apply. We encourage students in this situation to take and submit results from other standardized tests to which they have greater access. For instance, students lacking access to the SAT or ACT may submit AP results or IB/GCSE/A-level/other national leaving exam predictions or results. How will Harvard evaluate the new digital SAT? The College Board's shift to a digital delivery of the SAT will not impact the way in which Harvard reviews test scores within applications. Please visit the College Board FAQs for more information. Supplemental Materials Our standard application materials typically give us ample information for making admission decisions. However, we recognize you may have truly exceptional talents or achievements you wish to share, and we want you to have every opportunity to best represent yourself. At the discretion of the Admissions Committee, supplementary materials-such as music recordings, artwork, or selected samples of academic work-may be evaluated by faculty. These materials are entirely optional. Material Types How to submit documents and articles Scholarly articles, research, creative writing or other documents of which you are the primary author should be submitted in the Upload Materials section of the Applicant Portal . This is the most efficient and direct method of submitting these materials, because they will be added directly to your official application. All submissions should include a list of any individuals with whom you collaborated in the production of the work. If appropriate, please identify your research sponsor, mentor, and/or laboratory or research group leader and provide a short description of your particular contribution to the work. How to submit media (video, audio, or images) You may submit optional supplementary media materials (e.g. videos, audio recordings, or images) electronically via Slideroom . Details for submissions in art, dance or choreography, musical performance or composition, will be found on the Slideroom website. There is a small submission fee, but if this fee causes you economic hardship, you may request a fee waiver at the point of submission. You may also contact us to request a fee waiver. If you encounter technical difficulties on Slideroom, you may submit a document via your portal with YouTube video links. Our team may follow up to request a Slideroom submission at a later time. Should I submit other academic materials? Harvard accepts other standardized tests or other academic credentials if you choose to submit them. In any admissions process, additional information can be helpful. For example, Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, A-levels, national leaving examinations, national or international contests, early high school assessment scores such as the PSAT or pre-ACT, or courses taken outside your school during the school year or summer are just some examples of information that could be submitted. Subject Tests and the essay portion of the SAT have been terminated, except in certain special circumstances. Harvard admission officers review all materials that an applicant submits, so if you've already taken Subject Tests or the essay portion of the SAT, you may still submit them along with your other application materials. Learn More About Harvard Join our email list to download our brochure and stay in touch. Sign Up Related Topics Application Tips Not sure how to fill out the admissions application to Harvard? Here are some helpful tips from our admissions committee. First-Year Applicants Here's everything you need to know about applying to Harvard College as a first-year applicant. Site Footer Helpful Links Frequently Asked Questions Applicant Portal Admitted Students Contact Us My.Harvard University Resources Academic Calendar Campus Map Dean of Students Office Directory Office of Undergraduate Education Office of Student Services Important Addresses Harvard College University Hall Cambridge, MA 02138 Harvard College Admissions Office and Griffin Financial Aid Office 86 Brattle Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Social Links Footer legal links Privacy Copyright Disclosure Accessibility Digital Accessibility Copyright © 2026 The President & Fellows of Harvard College If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the "European Economic Area"), please read the Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures about ways that certain Harvard University Schools, Centers, units and controlled entities, including this one, may collect, use, and share information about you. Harvard does not discriminate against applicants or students on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry or any other protected classification. Toggle Admissions Submenu Admissions Overview Admissions Overview Submenu Admissions Statistics Why Harvard Why Harvard Submenu Affordability Academic Environment Residential Life Innovation Arts & Humanities Student Activities Community and Access Explore Harvard Explore Harvard Submenu On-Campus Visits Meet Us Online Virtual Tour Connect With Students Recruitment Ambassadors Undergraduate Viewbook Apply Apply Submenu First-Year Applicants Considering a Gap Year Application Requirements Transfer Applicants U.S. Military Veterans Visiting Undergraduate Students International Applicants QuestBridge Application High School Counselors High School Counselors Submenu Parents & Families Skip to site header Skip to main content