Forum Magazine Internal Regulations SIS Why Charles U? What to study Language and Preparatory Courses How to Apply How to Apply Study in English, German, French, Russian Diploma Recognition Code of Admissions Procedure Financial Scholarship and Bursary Rules Essential Info Visa and Accommodation Code of Admissions Procedure Code of study and examination Visit us Financial Scholarship and Bursary Rules Financial Financial Fees for studies in English Studies in English and other foreign languages (German, French, Russian) are subject to tuition fees. The tuition fees range from € 0 (some PhD programmes) to € 14,000 per year, depending on the faculty and study programme. A complete overview of the annual tuition fees for individual study programmes is available on the links below. Annual tuition fees - Bachelor's and Master's Study Programmes in Foreign Languages Annual tuition fees - Ph.D. Study Programmes in Foreign Languages Scholarships GOVERNMENT SCHOLARSHIPS - DEVELOPING COUNTRIES The Government of the Czech Republic annually offers scholarships within its Foreign Development Assistance Programme. These so-called government scholarships support students from developing countries who would like to study at public universities in the Czech Republic For more information visit the website of the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport . SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS UNDER BILATERAL INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS The Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport of the Czech Republic annually offers scholarships to foreign nationals within the framework of intergovernmental exchange programmes arranged with a number of countries. More information General overview on scholarships for study in the Czech Republic can be found on the website STUDY IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC or the website Study in Prague . CHARLES UNIVERSITY SCHOLARSHIPS PhD scholarship: A doctoral scholarship is awarded to all students enrolled in a full-time doctoral programme during the standard length of study (usually 4 years). The scholarship ranges from CZK 10,500 to CZK 25,000 per month. The specific amount within this range is determined by the Dean of the Faculty, in accordance with the Faculty Internal Regulation Other financial support for students studying in English (or other foreign language) study programmes is organized by individual faculties . At this moment, three faculties offer scholarships to students in English taught study programmes (see the links below for more specifications and conditions): The Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University : starting from Academic Year 2018/19, the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University, offers the following scholarships to highly qualified applicants: - up to two Computer Science Tuition Fee Scholarships for the Bachelor's Programme in Computer Science; - up to one Computer Science Tuition Fee Scholarship for the Master's Programme in Computer Science, any study branch; - up to two Computational Linguistics Scholarships for the Master's Programme in Computer Science, study branch Computational Linguistics. Faculty of Social Sciences : Development scholarships for students from developing and transition countries. Sociology in European Context - Scholarship 2 000 EUR per year for students from countries with a lower gross national income (GNI) per capita European Politics and Society: Vaclav Havel Joint Master Programme - 18 Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degree Scholarships each year covering the whole 100% of the tuition fee and offering to students extra 1000 EUR per months as living allowances Faculty of Science: STARS - Support for Talented PhD Research Students . Fees for studies in Czech Studies in Czech are free of charge. A tuition fee is charged only if the student exceeds the standard length of study by more than one year. Example: The standard length of study for a Masters in General Medicine is 6 years. Students can study 7 years free of charge. If they do not complete their studies by the 7 th year, they will have to start to pay certain amount upon entering their 8 th year. Last change: May 31, 2019 11:25 PDF TXT Contact Us Contact Charles University Ovocný trh 5 Prague 1 116 36 Czech Republic Centre for Information, Counselling and Social Services E-mail: Phone: +420 224 491 850 Erasmus+ info : E-mail: How to Reach Us © 2026 Login to information system Cookies preferences