Press Enter to Center block ::: Home Study In Taiwan Scholarships Taiwan Scholarship Program Date: 2021-03-04 The Ministry of Education (MOE) Taiwan Scholarship Program provides tuition and miscellaneous expenses of up to NTD 40,000 each semester and a monthly living allowance of NTD 15,000 or NTD 20,000. A Taiwan Scholarship may be held for 4 years for undergraduate programs, 2 years for master's degree programs, and 4 years for doctorate programs. Scholarship applications must be submitted to a Republic of China (ROC) overseas mission and applicants must apply separately to a university or college in Taiwan for admission. Eligibility Applicants must be a foreign national with at least a secondary school graduation diploma, and an excellent academic record, and be of good character. A person in any of the following categories is ineligible to apply: An ROC national or an overseas Chinese student. A person who already has and is continuing to maintain student status at any university or tertiary college in Taiwan or a person who has already registered to begin studies at a university/college in Taiwan. This restriction does not apply to a student who will complete a degree and graduate that year. They may apply for a Taiwan Scholarship to pursue a higher degree. A person who has already studied in Taiwan for a degree at the same level as the one in which they intend to enroll. An exchange student or dual/joint degree student who has been admitted to a university/college in Taiwan in accordance with an academic cooperation agreement between the university/college in Taiwan and an overseas university/college. A person who has held a Taiwan Scholarship for a total of five years. A person who has ever had a Taiwan Scholarship or MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship revoked. A person who has received any other scholarship or subsidy from any Taiwan Government agency or any education institution in Taiwan. This does not include any subsidy provided for Taiwan Scholarship recipients by a university/college to cover the outstanding amount of their tuition and other fees if the total amount exceeds the maximum amount paid by the scholarship. Scholarship Process MOE Taiwan Scholarship Program Directions https://edu.law.moe.gov.tw/EngLawContent.aspx?lan=E&id=250 https://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw/web/pages.aspx?p=7 Contact Information If you have any questions about applications, please contact your local R.O.C. overseas mission. You can find contact details here: https://www.mofa.gov.tw/en/OverseasOfficeLink.aspx?n=1A4D7D5A68ECF4B9&sms=A76B7230ADF29736 Top