Main Content Area Laws and Regulations Retrieving System ::: Sitemap Home 中文版 主管法規查詢系統 News Searching Sitemap Home 中文版 ::: Location： Searching Content PDF Print Content Title： Operation Directions Governing the Ministry of Education Taiwan Scholarships Ch Date： 2026.02.10 Legislative： 1.The original three guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Wai Yen Chi Tzu No. 09346001300 on February 26, 2004. 2. The amended thirteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tung Tzu No. 0940007629B on January 21, 2005, and effective on January 13, 2005. 3. The amended fourteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tzu No. 0950000689C on January 16, 2006, and effective on December 30, 2005. 4. The amended fifteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tzu No. 0950191077C on December 29, 2006, and effective as of the date of announcement. 5. The amended fifteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tzu No. 0980002622C on January 14, 2009, and effective on January 1, 2009. 6. The amended fifteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tzu No. 0980212335C and effective on January 1, 2010. 7. The amended fifteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Wen Tzu No. 1000019174B on February 1, 2011, and effective on January 1, 2012. 8. The amended Guideline V and Guideline XIV were announced by the Ministry of Education in Official Order Tai Chiao Wen (V) Tzu No. 1020034324C on March 11, 2013, and effective as of the date of announcement. 9. The amended Appendix V of Guideline XIV was announced by the Ministry of Education in Official Order Tai Chiao Wen (V) Tzu No. 1020052978C on April 19, 2013, and effective as of the date of announcement. 10. The amended fifteen guidelines were announced by the Ministry of Education in Tai Chiao Wen (V) Tzu No. 1040164112B on December 9,2015, and effective as of the date of announcement. 11. Ministry of Education order Tai-Chiao-Wen (V) Zi No. 1142504996A promulgated on January 16,2026: Amendment of the former title Taiwan Scholarship Program Directions), and amendments to the entire text, now 14 articles. 12. Ministry of Education order Tai-Chiao-Wen (V) Zi No. 1152500420A promulgated on February 10,2026: Amendments to take effect from the date of promulgation. Content： I. The Ministry of Education, hereunder abbreviated to "MOE", has formulated these Directions to encourage outstanding students from outside Taiwan (with the exception of students from the Mainland Area, Hong Kong, and Macau), hereunder referred to as "foreign students", to undertake degree studies in Taiwan, to familiarize themselves with the education environment in Taiwan, and promote exchanges, understanding, and friendship between Taiwan and the international community. II. The MOE Taiwan Scholarships for outstanding foreign students who come to Taiwan to undertake a bachelor's degree, master's degree, or doctorate provide the following for each scholarship recipient: 1. Tuition and miscellaneous expenses (i.e. course-credit fees and miscellaneous basic study-related fees): The MOE will pay up to NTD 40,000 each semester for each scholarship recipient approved tuition and miscellaneous expenses that it has approved. If these exceed a total amount of NTD 40,000, the remaining amount to be paid to the university or college must be paid by the student. The "miscellaneous expenses" do not include administration fees, thesis supervision fees, insurance, accommodation, or internet access costs. These are the responsibility of the scholarship recipient. 2. Living allowance: The MOE provides each scholarship recipient undertaking a bachelor's degree a monthly stipend of NTD 15,000; it provides each scholarship recipient undertaking a master's degree or doctorate studies a monthly stipend of NTD 20,000. Universities and colleges may give scholarship recipients discounts for their tuition and miscellaneous expenses. Each university or college that does so must submit details of which of its departments and/or institutes are offering scholarship recipients any discount on these fees for the following academic year and its fee standards to the MOE by the prescribed time each year, and it must also provide a copy of these to the unit designated by the MOE. III. Scholarship Time Limits: 1. The maximum period a Taiwan Scholarship may be held is: four years for bachelor's degree programs, two years for master's degree programs, and four years for doctorate programs. However, the total period that any one person is a scholarship recipient is not permitted to exceed five years. 2. The scholarship year begins on September 1 and ends on August 31 of the following year. Scholarship recipients shall register at their university or college at the scheduled time. A student who fails to arrive in Taiwan and register at their university or college at the prescribed time will be considered to have forfeited their scholarship eligibility, and the student is not permitted to defer taking up the Taiwan Scholarship until the following year. If, however, the university or college and the MOE both give permission beforehand to extend the date for the student to arrive in Taiwan, then the student will not forfeit their scholarship eligibility. 3. Living allowance payments begin from the month the scholarship recipient actually begins attending the university or college and they end when the maximum scholarship period for their degree level expires or the scholarship recipient has had a Taiwan Scholarship for a total period of five years, or when the scholarship recipient graduates, suspends their studies, or withdraws from their studies, or if their scholarship is revoked. However, from the 2026 academic year onwards, the living allowance payments will be issued to scholarship recipients who are beginning a bachelor's degree program until June 30 of their graduation year. IV. Eligibility: 1. Each applicant shall be a foreign national who has a graduation certificate or diploma from a secondary school or post-secondary educational institution, an excellent academic record, and be of good moral character. 2. A person in any of the following categories is ineligible to apply: (i) An overseas compatriot student or a person with R.O.C. nationality. (ii) A person who is already a registered student at a university or college in Taiwan, who is eligible to be admitted, or who has already registered to begin a degree program at a university or college in Taiwan. If, however, a student in the final year of their current degree program is applying for a scholarship to undertake a higher-level degree, this restriction does not apply. (iii) A person who has already studied in Taiwan for a degree at the same level as the one in which they currently intend to enroll. (iv) An exchange student or a dual or joint degree student who has been admitted to a university or college in Taiwan in accordance with an academic cooperation agreement between that university or college and a university or college overseas. (v) A person who has already been a Taiwan Scholarship recipient for a total period of five years while undertaking degree programs at any level referred to in these directions. (vi) A person who has ever had a Taiwan Scholarship or MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship revoked. (vii) A person who will receive any form of financial assistance from any agency or organization of the Taiwan Government or any educational institution in Taiwan during the time they are studying in Taiwan, apart from any discount provided for a Taiwan Scholarship recipient by their university or college to cover the outstanding amount due for their tuition and miscellaneous expenses if the total amount due exceeds the MOE subsidy limit. 3. Applicants shall apply for admission directly to a university or college within the application period set by the university or college. Universities and colleges set their own deadlines for the submission of applications for admission. V. Each applicant shall submit the following documents within the period designated by the office or agency representing Taiwan overseas which has jurisdiction over applications from their country of nationality (hereunder referred to as the "representative office"): 1. A Taiwan Scholarship application form (each representative office designs the application form it uses). 2. A photocopy of the applicant's passport or other documentary evidence of their nationality. 3. A photocopy of their highest-level academic award and academic transcripts. These shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 of Article 7 of the Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan. Documents in a language other than Chinese or English shall be accompanied by a notarized Chinese or English translation. 4. Photocopies of documentary evidence that the applicant has already applied to a university or college in Taiwan for admission for the approaching academic year (for example, a photocopy of the receipt for payment of the application fee, a photocopy of the application form, or a notice or email from the university or college acknowledging receipt of the application). 5. Photocopies of language proficiency certificates. Each representative office shall handle this requirement in accordance with the following provisions: (i) For applications to undertake programs not fully taught in English: (a) For representative offices which have organized Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language (TOCFL) testing: Applicants shall submit a photocopy of their TOCFL test results or certificate of having passed at Band B level or higher. The test results or certificates from any other Chinese proficiency test will not be accepted. If, however, an applicant is unable to take the TOCFL test because of geographical factors and the representative office reviews their circumstances and gives approval, then their application may be handled in accordance with the procedure used by a representative office that does not organize TOCFL testing. (b) If a representative office does not organize TOCFL testing: An applicant who has not submitted a photocopy of their TOCFL test results or certificate at Band B level or higher shall sit for the TOCFL tests at their own expense by the end of their first semester of study in Taiwan and submit their test results or certificate received for having passed at Band B level or higher to their university or college. (ii) For applications to undertake programs not fully taught in English, the representative office may decide whether to waive the requirement for TOCFL test results or a TOCFL certificate and instead require the applicant to submit TOEFL test scores that meet a standard it has set, or documentary evidence that they have passed a different English proficiency exam that is recognized by the local government, or documentary evidence of having graduated from an program fully taught in English (applicants who are citizens of a country where English is an official national language are not subject to this requirement). The university or college, the department or institute, and the degree program that an applicant is applying to undertake shall be on the checklist of degree programs fully taught in English for Taiwan Scholarship applications. If it is not on this checklist, the applicant shall obtain documentary evidence formally issued by the university or college (not by a subsidiary department or unit) that the degree program in question is fully taught in English. 6. Two letters of recommendation. Each letter must be written by a school principal, or university president, or college president, or professor, or tutor, and placed in an envelope which the person who wrote the letter seals and personally signs on the outside. 7. Any other documents specified by the representative office. VI. The MOE quota for each scholarship program for the scholarships it provides depends on the scope of its budget for the following year and the performance of the associated representative office in the current year. The MOE will send the representative offices a table setting out how the scholarship quotas for the following year have been allocated among them by December 31 each year. VII. Offices accepting Applications & Application Procedures: 1.Each representative office is delegated by the MOE to formulate application guidelines and selection regulations in accordance with these Directions, and handle receipt of applications for these scholarships and selection procedures either in cooperation with the local government, schools, universities and colleges, and cultural and educational organizations, or independently, or and it shall make its guidelines about the Taiwan Scholarships (that include details of the selection criteria, the number of scholarships available, the selection process, and the time schedule) publicly available in both Chinese and the local language(s) by January 31 each year. 2. After making the guidelines referred to in the preceding subparagraph publicly available, each representative office shall submit a copy of the guidelines in Chinese, and of the guidelines in each local language, and electronic copies of these, to the unit designated by the MOE for archiving. 3. In principle, the application period is from February 1 to March 31 each year. The actual application period for each local representative office will, however, be the period announced in its publicly available guidelines. 4. Applicants shall lodge their application at the representative office in their country of nationality or that is also responsible for handling applications from citizens of the applicant's country. VIII. Selection Procedure Directions: 1.Each local representative office shall take into account whether each scholarship recipient would be able to contribute to Taiwan's national development and become a skilled professional contributing to their own country and to Taiwan, by assisting in the growth of business and industry, the economy, and education. 2.To be a scholarship recipient, an applicant whose GPA is on a scale with a highest possible score of 4.5 who wants to do a bachelor's degree shall have an average grade of at least 3.0, and an applicant who wants to do a master's degree shall have an average grade of at least 3.5. If an applicant's average grade is based on a grading system that is not the same as the one used in the country where the representative office is located, the representative office will convert their average grade to its equivalent on a scale with a highest possible score of 4.5, or select outstanding students on the basis of their having academic results at or above a standard considered indicative of excellence by universities and colleges in that country or region. 3.When reviewing scholarship candidates, the representative office shall thoroughly consider the person's personal circumstances, actual language proficiency, interpersonal manners, and moral character. 4.The representative office shall give preference to selecting applicants who have a Test of Chinese as a Foreign Language (TOCFL) certificate at Band B level or higher, or who have evidence of equivalent score reports. A person who is applying to go to Taiwan to undertake a program completely taught in English shall submit their TOEFL test scores, or submit a certificate that they have passed another intermediate level English language proficiency exam that is recognized by the government in that country or region, or submit documentary evidence that they achieved an overall score of at least 75% in that other intermediate level English language proficiency exam. 5.The application form shall be fully completed and submitted together with all the other documents. None of the submitted application documents will be returned. IX. Notification of Selection Review Results: 1.After conducting a review of the application documents and/or conducting interviews, each representative office will make a selection of primary candidates and put some candidates on a waiting list. In principle, the selected candidates and the people on the waiting list will be notified about the results of the review of their application by May 31 of that year. 2.Each primary candidate shall submit a photocopy of their letter of admission to a university or college in Taiwan to the representative office by June 30 of that year to confirm their eligibility to receive a scholarship. A primary candidate who does not do so within the specified time period shall submit a written explanation of why not to the representative office which will review the circumstances. Any person who is not admitted into a university or college will have their eligibility to receive a Taiwan Scholarship revoked. A person who fails to submit documents within the specified time period will be considered to have forfeited their eligibility to receive a Taiwan Scholarship, and the representative office will offer the forfeited scholarship to the candidate highest on its waiting list. The list of recipients must be finalized no later than July 31 of each year. 3.By July 31 each year, each representative office shall issue a Taiwan Scholarship Award Program Certificate (in the format at Attachment 1) to each scholarship recipient. The duration of each recipient's scholarship shall be in accordance with the degree level specified in the letter of admission the person received from the university or college. At the same time, each representative office shall also accurately record the basic details of the scholarship recipients on the Taiwan Scholarship Information Platform. X. A scholarship recipient who has completed their degree program may then apply for a second Taiwan Scholarship to undertake a degree at the next level. They shall submit their application and all the required documents in accordance with the provisions of Point 5, by February 28 in any year, to the representative office to which they submitted the application for their first scholarship. This will be treated as a completely new application and is subject to the same selection process. A scholarship recipient is not permitted to apply for a second Taiwan Scholarship to do another degree at the same level, or a degree at a lower level. The total period that a person is in receipt of a Taiwan Scholarship is not permitted to be in breach of the provisions of Point IV, Subparagraph 2, Item (v) which stipulate that the maximum total period to be a Taiwan Scholarship recipient is five years. XI. Scholarship Continuation Reviews: 1.To assess scholarship recipients' eligibility to continue to receive scholarship benefits for the second semester of the academic year, each university and college shall undertake a review of each scholarship recipient's academic performance and conduct by February 28 each year and notify each scholarship recipient and the unit designated by the MOE of the results of the review within seven days. The university or college shall also upload the results of its current semester review of students' eligibility to continue to receive scholarship benefits to the on-line Taiwan Scholarship Information Platform by September 10 each year to enable the processing of scholarship funding appropriation requests. 2. For a scholarship recipient to remain eligible to continue receiving the scholarship, their average academic mark each semester shall meet the following standards: (a) A minimum average of 70 for bachelor's degree students, and a minimum average of 80 for students at graduate research institutes. If a university or college, or a department or institute has a higher standard, eligibility to continue receiving the scholarship shall be handled in accordance with its regulations. (b) If a scholarship recipient is in the 3rd year or a higher year of a doctoral program, the manner in which their results are assessed and the criteria used to determine their semester results shall be handled in accordance with the regulations of their university or college 3. If a current scholarship recipient receives approval from their university or college to change to undertaking a degree at the next level, the university or college may apply to the MOE for approval to change the degree level and duration of the student's scholarship and submit a scholarship application that the student has completed, academic transcripts for their studies in Taiwan, and its approval for that student to change their degree program. The MOE will notify the university or college, the unit designated by the MOE, and the representative office that awarded the student their current scholarship of its decision. XII. Directions for Scholarship Recipients Changing Their University, Department, or Institute: 1. A scholarship recipient who has been undertaking a bachelor's degree in a department at the university or college that they applied for admission to for at least one year may transfer to another university or college, or to another department, if the university or college where they have been studying and the one that they want to transfer to have both given approval. A transfer to another university or college, or to another department is handled in accordance with the regulations formulated by each university or college involved. 2. A scholarship recipient is limited to transferring to a degree program at the same level at another university or college, or in another department or graduate institute only one time while receiving their scholarship. 3. A scholarship recipient who is planning to transfer to a different degree program at another university or college, or in another department, or graduate institute, they shall once again apply to the representative office that awarded their scholarship. They are not permitted to continue to receive their current scholarship if they transfer to a different degree program. 4. When a scholarship recipient is transferring to another university or college, their current university or college shall issue a letter to the scholarship recipient and the university or college the student is transferring to that gives details of the type of scholarship the student has been awarded, the month and year that the scholarship started and the month and year it will end, and the month and year of the transfer. The university or college the student is transferring to shall reply to the scholarship recipient and their current university or college notifying both in writing that it agrees to the transfer and stating the month and year of the transfer. Each university or college involved shall send copies of all the transfer-related documents to the MOE, to the representative office that awarded the student's scholarship, and to the unit designated by the MOE. XIII. Any university or college where any scholarship recipient is studying shall each year request scholarship funding from the unit designated by the MOE and undertake verification and finalization of any scholarship account matters in accordance with the schedule and procedures set out below: 1. After each scholarship recipient has registered and enrolled each semester, the university or college issues their living allowance each month. The MOE appropriates funds to the university or college twice a year. The first appropriation is of the funds for January to August and the university or college shall submit the appropriation request by January 5. The second appropriation is of the funds for September to December and the university or college shall submit the appropriation request by September 30, after finalizing the expenditure accounts for the first appropriation and returning any unused funds. When submitting the appropriation request for scholarship funding, the university or college shall also submit a name list of the scholarship recipients with receipts signed by each of the students attached. If exceptional circumstances occur and a university or college is unable to submit the funding request by the prescribed time, it shall first use its own funds and pay any scholarship related expenses, in order to issue the monthly living allowance for the scholarship recipients. 2. Each university or college shall, in accordance with the MOE funding schedule, submit three copies of its balance sheet and three copies of a report on its scholarship associated operations, which have both been verified, approved, and stamped by its president, chief accountant, and cashier. The deadline for the first account finalization is September 30 and the deadline for the second account finalization is December 20. The university or college shall return any unused funds to the MOE at the same time as the account finalization documents, and it shall retain the original copies of all receipts for inspection by the National Audit Office and related units. 3. After the scholarship recipients have registered and enrolled each semester, the university or college, shall submit an itemized table of the associated tuition and miscellaneous expenses for the scholarship recipients who have completed registration and enrollment (in the format at Attachment 2), its balance sheet, and its request for appropriation of the scholarship recipients' tuition and miscellaneous fees to the unit designated by the MOE at the same time as it submits account finalization documents. 4. Appropriation requests for Taiwan Scholarship expenses, payments, verification, and finalization of accounts shall be handled in accordance with the provisions of the MOE Operation Directions for the Allocation and Settlement of Subsidies and Commissioned Funding. 5. Revocation of a student's scholarship: (a) If a scholarship recipient's scholarship is revoked with effect from that time, the university or college will cease issuing the living allowance. If the scholarship is revoked after the 15th of the month, it will not undertake recovery of the allowance for that month. The tuition and miscellaneous expenses paid with scholarship funding are handled in accordance with the debt recovery regulations of the university or college which will return the recovered funds to the unit designated by the MOE. (b) If a student's scholarship is fully revoked, the university or college shall recover all the living allowance payments and the tuition and miscellaneous expenses provided by the MOE from the date the scholarship began until the date it was revoked, to the unit designated by the MOE. The university or college will handle finalization of the account matters pertaining to recovered funds paid for living allowance and tuition and miscellaneous expenses on a case-by-case basis. 6. The unit designated by the MOE and each university and college shall strengthen its management of the Taiwan Scholarship funds and establish highly effective control mechanisms. The MOE may conduct random inspections at a regular time each year and also at unscheduled times. XIV. Other Important Provisions: 1. For Foreign Students: (i) Scholarship applicants shall apply for admission directly to universities and colleges within the application period. Each university and college sets its own application deadline. (ii) Scholarship recipients shall submit their TOCFL test results or TOCFL certificate at Band B level or higher to their university or college within the period specified in Point V, Subparagraph 5, Item (i), Subitem b. (iii) Scholarship recipients are responsible for the payment of all expenses apart from tuition and miscellaneous expenses. A scholarship recipient who is experiencing financial difficulty may apply to the university/college at which they are studying for payments for other expenses to be deducted from their living allowance. (iv) If a scholarship recipient's academic performance, conduct, or attendance record falls below the standard required by the university or college where they are studying, the university or college shall suspend or revoke the scholarship in accordance with regulations. (v) If a scholarship recipient is concurrently receiving any other form of financial assistance from any agency or organization of the Taiwan Government or any educational institution in Taiwan and this has been verified, their scholarship will be revoked, and the student must pay back all the monthly living allowance payments and the tuition and miscellaneous expenses that the scholarship paid. (vi) Scholarship recipients shall join the National Health Insurance (NHI) system in accordance with the regulations. Before they are eligible to do so, they shall purchase other medical insurance and student accident insurance. (vii) After enrolling at a university or college in Taiwan, a scholarship recipient is not permitted to go abroad to study as an exchange or as a dual or joint degree student. If they do so the university or college shall immediately revoke their scholarship and report the matter to the MOE. The university or college is not permitted to retain the still unused part of the student's Taiwan Scholarship or have the award period extended for the student to be able to resume receiving the scholarship when they return to Taiwan. (viii) If a scholarship recipient's university or college program regulations require them to go abroad to undertake an internship, or short-term research and collection of material for a thesis, the university or college may be exempt from having to revoke their scholarship. The university or college will not, however, provide scholarship money for tuition and miscellaneous expenses for that semester, and will not provide any living allowance for the period while the scholarship recipient is not in Taiwan. (ix) If a scholarship recipient submits any application document or any document when they are enrolling that is found to be fake, misleading, has been altered in some way, or contains any falsehood, their scholarship will be fully revoked and they will have to pay back all the living allowance payments and the tuition and miscellaneous expenses paid by the scholarship from the date the scholarship began until the date it was revoked. (x) Scholarship recipients shall act in concert with MOE policies pertaining to students who have a Taiwan Scholarship and also participate in teaching, exchanges, and activities related to language and culture. 2. For Universities and Colleges: (i) Each university and college shall review applicants' eligibility for admission in accordance with the regulations it has formulated for the admission of foreign students and send each applicant a written copy its decision by June 15. (ii) If a scholarship recipient does not submit TOCFL test results or a TOCFL certificate within the time limit specified in Point V, Subparagraph 5, Item (i), Subitem b, their university or college will suspend the payment of their living allowance from the following semester and recommence the payment from the month when they submit their TOCFL test results or certificate. The university or college may still continue to be paid the tuition and miscellaneous expenses for a scholarship recipient who for some reason has not submitted a photocopy of their TOCFL test results or TOCFL certificate and has had their living allowance payments suspended. (iii) Each university and college may act in accordance with its own regulations and assist a scholarship recipient who is in difficult financial circumstances apply to the university or college to deduct funds from their living allowance to make payments that the student is personally responsible for. (iv) A university or college shall handle the suspension, discontinuation, or revocation of the Taiwan Scholarship of a scholarship recipient who is studying there in accordance with the provisions of its academic regulations and other pertinent regulations, and MOE directions. (v) If any of the following circumstances pertains to a scholarship recipient, the university or college shall inform the MOE in writing and then notify the scholarship recipient in writing that their scholarship has been suspended, has been revoked with effect from a specified time, or has been fully revoked and must be fully repaid. In its written report to the MOE, the university or college shall also give explanatory details of the matter, the beginning and end months of the suspension of the scholarship, or the month when the revocation of the scholarship takes effect. At the same time, it shall also provide a copy to the representative office that awarded the Taiwan Scholarship being suspended or revoked, the scholarship recipient involved, and any unit designated by the MOE: (a) A scholarship recipient who has registered and begun their program does not submit their TOCFL test results or a TOCFL certificate by the end of the second semester. The student's scholarship will be revoked by the university or college, beginning from the third semester. (b) A scholarship recipient who has registered and begun their program is absent from more than one-third of their classes each month, not including the winter and summer break months. When their absences have been verified, the scholarship recipient's living allowance for any such month will be suspended or will have to be paid back, and if the circumstances call for it, the university or college where the student is registered will revoke that student's scholarship. (c) If a scholarship recipient leaves Taiwan and goes overseas as an exchange student or dual/joint degree student, the university or college shall then revoke their scholarship, and it is. The university or college is not permitted to retain the still unused part of the student's Taiwan Scholarship or have the award period extended for the student to be able to resume receiving the scholarship when they return to Taiwan. (d) If a scholarship recipient's university or college program regulations require them to go abroad to undertake an internship, or short-term research and collection of material for a thesis, the university or college shall suspend payment of the living allowance for the period when they are not in Taiwan and no scholarship money will be provided for tuition and miscellaneous expenses (e) A scholarship recipient leaves Taiwan during a semester. If they are outside Taiwan for more than 15 days in any month, the university or college may, after ascertaining the circumstances, suspend payment of the living allowance for any such month when they are outside Taiwan. (f) If a scholarship recipient violates Taiwan's laws, or is subject to serious disciplinary action from the university or college where they are studying, or has to withdraw from or is expelled by the university or college as a disciplinary measure, the university or college shall revoke their scholarship. This does not apply, however, if a scholarship recipient transfers to another university or college, or to another department or institute, or withdraws from their studies for a temporary period with permission from the university or college where they have been studying. (g) During the registration period each semester, each scholarship recipient shall present their Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) which has "pursuing studies" as the reason for their stay. If a scholarship recipient does not do so, or if the reason for their stay in Taiwan or changes to something else during the time they are in receipt of the scholarship, their scholarship will be revoked, beginning from that semester. (h) If a scholarship recipient fails to participate in language and culture related teaching, exchanges, and activities, in accordance with the MOE policies for students who are Taiwan Scholarship recipients, the university or college shall revoke their scholarship. (i) If a scholarship recipient's average academic grade for a semester is below the standard set by their university or college, it shall suspend their scholarship payments for one month. If their average academic grade in the most recent two consecutive semesters is below the standard set by their university or college, it shall revoke their scholarship, with effect from the next semester. (j) If a scholarship recipient has submitted any application document or document when they were enrolling that is found to be fake, misleading, has been altered in some way, or contains any falsehood, their scholarship will be fully revoked, and they will have to pay back all the living allowance payments they received and the tuition and miscellaneous expenses paid by the MOE from the date the scholarship began until the date it was revoked. (k) Any other violation of the regulations of their university or college by a scholarship recipient, it shall suspend their scholarship, revoke it with effect from a specified time, or fully revoke it from the date the scholarship began. (vi) Each university and college shall organize an orientation session for newly arrived scholarship recipients after they have completed their registration. It shall explain the rules and regulations they must follow to continue to receive their scholarship, the grading and assessment method(s) used, how and when the scholarship payments are made, and the regulations governing a scholarship recipient's having their Taiwan scholarship, suspended, revoked with effect from a specified time, or fully revoked. Each university and college shall also issue the monthly scholarship payments monitoring whether circumstances call for a student's scholarship to be suspended, revoked with effect from a specified time, or fully revoked, and undertake the reviews for students to continue to receive their scholarship. (vii) Each university and college shall set up a specific unit or assign dedicated personnel to maintain contact with scholarship recipients while they are undertaking their studies in Taiwan and provide academic and general support and assistance. The unit or personnel shall also encourage the scholarship recipients to actively participate in volunteer work organized by the university or college, or nationally, while they are undertaking their studies. (viii) If a scholarship recipient suspends their studies, withdraws from their studies, is expelled, or graduates, the university or college shall immediately upload the details to the foreign student data management system designated by the MOE. (ix) Each university and college shall issue all scholarship funds and provide guidance to scholarship recipients in accordance with these Directions. If a university or college makes an administrative error that affects the rights of any scholarship recipient, the MOE will refer to that matter when it considers reducing the subsidies to be allocated to that university or college, or the quota of foreign students it is permitted to admit. 3. For representative offices: (i) Each representative office shall inform government organizations (agencies), universities, colleges, and students in the country or region where it is located about the Taiwan Scholarship Program, proactively provide information about studying in Taiwan, and receive scholarship applications and select the successful applicants. It shall also ensure that each scholarship recipient signs a copy of the Terms of Agreement For The MOE Taiwan Scholarship Program (in the format at Attachment 3), in which they agree to abide by the laws of Taiwan. (ii) Each representative office shall submit a name list of the scholarship recipients (in the format at Attachment 4) to the MOE by July 31 and send a copy of the name list to the universities and colleges that the scholarship recipients will attend, and to the unit designated by the MOE (including a copy of all attachments). It shall also notify the consular section of the representative office. (iii) In accordance with the provisions of Point III, each representative office shall issue each scholarship recipient who has received a letter of admission to a university or college to undertake a degree a Taiwan Scholarship Program Award Certificate that states the duration of their scholarship. (iv) Before the scholarship recipients travel to Taiwan, each representative office shall hold a pre-departure briefing session for scholarship recipients, to explain the scholarship regulations set out in these Directions, the procedure to obtain an Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) in Taiwan, and provide information about living and studying in Taiwan. It shall also explain that scholarship recipients are required to act in concert with MOE policies pertaining to students who have a Taiwan Scholarship and also participate in teaching, exchanges, and activities related to other languages and cultures. (v) Each representative office shall maintain contact with scholarship recipients after they complete their studies and return home and shall organize events and seminars at which the scholarship recipients can present the results of their studies and research in Taiwan and share their experiences of studying and living in Taiwan with others. Top ::: Address： Tel： Fax： The number of visitors：131,515,852