::: Go to the Main Content Area Site Map Language 繁體中文 English InfoSec Toggle navigation About Program Introduction Organization and Responsibilities Apply Scholarship Guidelines Scholarship Application Process Links Links About Scholarships Links About Studying in Taiwan Links About Living in Taiwan FAQ Application and Release Languages and Courses Visa and Residence Period Insurance and Housing Pictures Welcome Party Farewell Party Fabulous Taiwan New Students Guidebook Experience Sharing of Senior Recipients ::: Scholarship Guidelines Publication Date： 2026-06-10 Issuing Authority： OTSP Scholarship Comparison Table Scholarship Comparison Table Scholarship Comparison Table (Subsidies and Amounts) MOE Scholarship MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship MOFA Scholarship Qualification International students who must be a foreign nationals with a secondary school graduation diploma or a post-secondary degree(s), have shown excellent academic performance, and are of good moral character. Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao SAE students are not eligible. Countries that have diplomatic relations with Taiwan, or have been recognized as friendly relations with Taiwan by MOFA. List of Diplomatic Allies(Open in a New Window) Living Allowance Bachelor Degree Master/Doctoral Degree NTD 28,000 per month LEP Degree Program NTD 15,000 per month NTD 20,000 per month NTD 28,000 per month NTD 33,000 per month Tuition and Miscellaneous Expenses The MOE will pay up to NTD40,000 each semester for each recipient''s approved tuition and miscellaneous expenses. If these exceed a total amount of NTD40,000, the remaining amount must be paid to the university/college by the student. N/A N/A Scholarship Period Begins on September 1 and ends on August 31 of the following year. Graduates who are unable to graduate by June of the year checked to be true, students can get their scholarship until August of the year. Scholarship period should not exceed a total of five years. With the exception of the summer classes, in principle, the scholarship duration should be between September 1st to August 31st of the following year. Starts on August 1 of the first year of study in Taiwan and ends when the award period expires, when recipients graduate, if they are suspended or withdraw from their studies, or if the scholarship is terminated. Scholarship award periods must be continuous, with no breaks, and cannot exceed a total of five years. Scholarship Duration Bachelor Degree：4 years Master Degree：2 years Doctoral Degree：4 years 2 months(Summer Term), 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, and 1 year(12 months). LEP Program：1 years Bachelor Degree：4 years Master Degree：2 years Doctoral Degree：4 years Work and Internship Students can apply for a working permit according to the "Regulations on the Permission and Administration of the Employment for Foreign Workers with maximum work hours are 20 hours per week, except during summer and winter vacation, and the maximum validity period will be six months per semester. For more information, please contact Workforce Development Agency. HES recipients are only allowed to work， if they take language course(s) for six months or more. Students can apply for the working permit according to the "Regulations on the Permission and Administration of the Employment for Foreign Workers with maximum work hours are 20 hours per week, except during summer and winter vacation, and the maximum validity period will be six months per semester. For more information, please contact Workforce Development Agency. TOCFL Requirement For applications to undertake a program not completely taught in English: A copy of the results or a certificate of TOCFL at Level 3 or above must be submitted. If the local Taiwan Representative Office does not organize TOCFL testing, applicants need to submit a copy of the test results or certificate at Level 3 or above and must take the TOCFL test at Level 3 or above at their own expense by the end of the first semester after they arrive in Taiwan and submit their test results or certificate to their university/college. A nine-month or longer scholarship recipient should participate in TOCFL for Level 3 (Band B1) or above. For those applying for degree programs taught in Chinese, a photocopy of a TOCFL transcript or certificate for Level 2 or above must be submitted. Recipients taking the LEP should submit a photocopy of the TOCFL Level 2 certificates for listening and reading by June of the year after their arrival. Those failing to do so will be disqualified from receiving the Scholarship for degree programs. Recipients should pay TOCFL fees themselves. Note Guideline Update Date and Reference Number Update Date: February 10, 2026 Reference Number：臺教文（五）字第1152500420A號令 MOFA will provide recipients with one-way economy-class plane tickets for direct flights to and from Taiwan. Recipients are responsible for all expenses during their stay in Taiwan. MOFA will not provide any other subsidies. All scholarship applications must be submitted to the local Taiwan Representative Office. For details on the application process: Scholarship Application Process (Internal Webpage Link) 。 Contact information for overseas missions: The Official Website of MOFA (Open in a New Window) 。 MOE MOE MOE Scholarship MOE Scholarship Guidelines MOE Scholarship Guidelines (CH) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2026.05.08) The above PDF file refers to MOE Laws and Regulations Retrieving System [WEB] (Open in a New Window) MOE Scholarship Guidelines (EN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) The above PDF file refers to MOE Laws and Regulations Retrieving System [WEB] (Open in a New Window) Comparison Table of Revised Guidelines (CH) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Scholarship Guidelines Related Accessories MOE Scholarship Application Form [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Scholarship Terms of Agreement [PDF] (Open in a New Window) A List of University/College Offering Degree Programs Taught in English (CN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2026.05.08) A List of University/College Providing Taiwan Scholarship Recipients a Discount for Tuition and/or Miscellaneous Expenses [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2026.05.08) Scholarship Application Process [PDF] (Open in a New Window) Items Required for Health Certificate Items Required for Health Certificate (Form B) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Operating Guidelines Related Accessories A List of MOE Overseas Offices [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Guidelines MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Guidelines (CH) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) The above PDF file refers to MOE Laws and Regulations Retrieving System [WEB] (Open in a New Window) MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Guidelines (EN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) The above PDF file refers to MOE Laws and Regulations Retrieving System [WEB] (Open in a New Window) MOE Operating Guidelines Related Accessories MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Application Form [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Terms of Agreement [PDF] (Open in a New Window) Mandarin Language Centers in Taiwan (EN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2025.02.14) Items Required for Health Certificate Items Required for Health Certificate (Form B) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOE Operating Guidelines Related Accessories A List of MOE Overseas Offices [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOFA MOFA MOFA Scholarship MOFA Scholarship Guidelines MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Guidelines (CH) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2023.08.01) MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Guidelines (EN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) (Updated on 2023.08.01) Guidelines Related Accessories MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Application Form [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Assessment Form for Representative Offices (CN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Recommendation Form for Representative Offices (CN) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Terms of Agreement [PDF] (Open in a New Window) MOFA Taiwan Scholarship Recipient Form [PDF] (Open in a New Window) English Program of Taiwan Scholarship [PDF] (Open in a New Window) Plane Ticket Application Form for MOFA Scholarship Recipients [PDF] (Open in a New Window) [DOC] (Open in a New Window) [ODT] (Open in a New Window) Items Required for Health Certificate Items Required for Health Certificate (Form B) [PDF] (Open in a New Window) ::: Authority MOE MOE Official Website (Open in a New Window) MOFA MOFA Official Website (Open in a New Window) Contact info. Email: taiwanscholarship@mail.moe.gov.tw Office TEL: +886 (2) 2882-4564 MOFA's Scholarships Questions: 2396 MOE's Scholarships Questions: 2398 Payment Request Questions: 2397 Payment Write-off Questions: 2399 About MOE's Scholarships: +886 (2) 2880-1225 About MOFA's Scholarships: +886 (2) 2880-1226 FAX: +886 (2) 8861-3491 Address Ming Chuan University, #250, Zhong Shan N. Rd., Sec. 5, Taipei 111, Taiwan, R.O.C. © Copyright Taiwan Scholarship And Huayu Enrichment Scholarship Office; Email: taiwanscholarship@mail.moe.gov.tw Ming Chuan University, #250, Zhong Shan N. Rd., Sec. 5, Taipei 111, Taiwan, R.O.C.