::: Skip to main content SİTE REHBERİ A A A Taipei Ekonomi ve Kültür Misyonu 駐安卡拉台北經濟文化代表團 Contact Us Hot News ::: ANA SAYFA YADÖN Haberler ve Aktiviteler Haberler ve Etkinlikler Taiwan Scholarship 2026 will be open for applications from February 1 to March 31! 分享到 Taiwan Scholarship Application Guide 臺灣獎學金公告英文版 The Ministry of Education (MOE) Taiwan Scholarship Program encourages outstanding Turkish students undertaking undergraduate and postgraduate studies in Taiwan. Applicants applying for the Taiwan Scholarship, please make sure to carefully read the Taiwan Scholarship Program Directions , specifically Article 4 (Eligibility) and Article 5 (Documents to be Submitted before March 31). The MOE Taiwan Scholarship Program provides the following for each outstanding international student scholarship recipient who comes to Taiwan to undertake a bachelor's degree, master's degree, or doctorate: (i) Tuition and miscellaneous expenses (i.e. the course-credit fees, and miscellaneous basic study-related fees): The MOE will pay up to NTD 40,000 each semester for each recipient's approved tuition and miscellaneous expenses. If these exceed a total amount of NTD 40,000, the remaining amount must be paid to the university/college by the student. The "miscellaneous expenses" do not include any of the following: administration fees, thesis supervision fees, insurance premiums, accommodation, or internet access. These are all the responsibility of the scholarship recipient. (ii) Living allowance: The MOE provides each recipient undertaking university undergraduate studies a monthly stipend of NTD15,000; it provides each recipient undertaking a master's degree or doctorate studies a monthly stipend of NTD20,000. A university/college may give scholarship recipients a discount for tuition and/or miscellaneous expenses. The university/college must submit details of which of its departments/institutes are offering scholarship recipients discounts on fees for the following academic year, and a copy of the fee standards to the MOE by the prescribed date each year, and it must also provide a copy of these to any other unit designated by the MOE. Scholarship Duration and Time Limits: (i) The maximum period a Taiwan Scholarship may be held is: four years for undergraduate programs, two years for master's degree programs, and four years for doctorate programs. The maximum total period that any one person may hold a Taiwan Scholarship is five years. (ii)The Taiwan Scholarship year begins on September 1 and ends on August 31 of the following year. Recipients must arrive in Taiwan and register at their university/college at the scheduled time. It is not permitted to defer taking up a Taiwan Scholarship until the following year. A student who is unable to arrive in Taiwan and register at their university/college at the scheduled time will be considered to have forfeited their scholarship eligibility, unless the student has notified the university/college and the MOE beforehand and been given permission for a delayed arrival and registration. (iii)Living allowance payments begin from the month when the recipient actually begins attending the university/college, and they end when the maximum scholarship period for their degree level expires, or when the recipient graduates, withdraws from their studies, is suspended or expelled, or has their Taiwan Scholarship revoked. Eligibility: (1) Applicants must be a Turkish national with a secondary school graduation diploma or a post-secondary degree(s), and an excellent academic record, and be of good moral character. (2) A person in any of the following categories is ineligible to apply: An R.O.C. national or an overseas Taiwanese student. A person who already has and is continuing to maintain student status at any university/college in Taiwan or who has already registered to begin studies at such a university/college. This restriction does not apply to a student who will be graduating after completing a degree that year. They may apply for a Taiwan Scholarship to pursue a higher degree. iii. A person who has already studied in Taiwan for a degree at the same level as the one in which they currently intend to enroll. An exchange student or dual/joint degree student who has been admitted to a university/college in Taiwan in accordance with an academic cooperation agreement between that university/college and an overseas university/college. A person who has already been a Taiwan Scholarship recipient for a total of five years. A person who has ever previously had their Taiwan Scholarship or MOE Huayu Enrichment Scholarship revoked. vii. A person who has received any other scholarship or subsidy from any Taiwan Government institution (organization) or any education institution in Taiwan, apart from any subsidies provided for a Taiwan Scholarship recipient by their university/college to cover the outstanding amount if the total amount of their tuition and other fees exceeds the scholarship limit. (3) Applicants must apply directly to the university/college for admission within the application deadline. Each university/college sets its own application deadline. Applicants for Taiwan Scholarship must submit the following documents Postmarked no later than March 31, 2026: (1) A Taiwan Scholarship Application Form. (2) A photocopy of the applicant's passport or other documentary evidence of nationality. (3) A photocopy of their highest academic award and of the associated academic transcripts. Documents in a language other than Chinese or English must be translated into Chinese or English and the translated documents must be authenticated. (4) Photocopies of documentary evidence that the applicant has already applied to a university/college in Taiwan. (5) A photocopy of a language proficiency certificate. ► For applications to undertake a program not completely taught in English : A copy of the test results or a certificate at Level 3 or above of TOCFL must be submitted. Results or certificates from any other Chinese proficiency test will not be accepted. An applicant who has not submitted a copy of the test results or certificate at Level 3 or above must take the TOCFL test at Level 3 or above at their own expense by the end of the first semester after they arrive in Taiwan and submit their test results or certificate to their university/college. ► For applicants to undertake a program completely taught in English : A copy of the official score report or certificate of the TOEFL iBT, IELTS or any other equivalent English proficiency certification which is recognized by the Turkish government or an English language program graduation diploma is required. The degree program completely taught in English that the applicant is applying to undertake must have been accredited by the MOE . If the English-language degree program has not been accredited by the MOE , then a document formally issued by the university/college (not a subsidiary department or unit) that the applicant wants to attend certifying that the degree program in question is fully taught in English is required to be submitted. If applicants pass the selection but fail to provide the required documents before the above-mentioned deadline, their eligibility for the award will be automatically revoked . (6) Two reference letters - from a principal, a college or university president, professors, and/or supervisors - personally signed, and placed in sealed envelopes. ► MOE Taiwan Scholarship Online Application: https://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw/Apply ►Applicants first must apply online then print out the application form after completing registration online, and must send all the required documents in three copies each via registered mail as above-stated and stated in the Program Guideline Article 5, to Taipei Economic and Cultural Mission in Ankara before March 31, 2026. For inquiries, please email the Mission at uozdere@mofa.gov.tw More Information about Taiwan Scholarship: https://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw/web/pages.aspx Note: For the Taiwan Scholarship, GPA requirements under the 4.5 grading scale, undergraduate students must have a GPA above 3.0, and graduate students must have a GPA above 3.5. As universities in Türkiye use both the 100-point grading scale and the 4.0 GPA scale, please convert the scores to proper GPA scale when processing related applications in the future. Applicants who do not meet the eligibility criteria will not be invited for the selection interview. Applicants who enter the second round of selection will be individually notified of the interview schedule by the Mission before April 30, 2026. On the contrary, applicants who did not pass the first round selection will not receive further notification by the Mission. MOE Taiwan Scholarship Application Process [WEB] Guidelines of scholarships [WEB] More Information about Taiwan Scholarship: https://taiwanscholarship.moe.gov.tw/web/pages.aspx (Please click) MOE Taiwan Scholarship Application Form [PDF] MOE Taiwan Scholarship Program Terms of Agreement [PDF] A list of university/college offering degree programs taught in English [PDF] A list of university/college providing Taiwan Scholarship recipients a discount for tuition and/or miscellaneous expenses [PDF] MOE Taiwan Scholarship Application Process [WEB] BURSLARA_YÖNELİK_SIKÇA_SORULAN_SORULAR-2026 [PDF] Tayvan'da eğitim ve yaşam hakkında detaylı bilgiye ulaşmak için aşağıdaki videoları izleyebilirsiniz. http://y2u.be/wh6r75YRKAU http://y2u.be/dX19WxKfCuY ::: Copyright © Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Republic of China (Taiwan) Taipei Ekonomi ve Kültür Misyonu Telephone Yurtdışı için: (+90-312) 4367255 / (+90-312) 4367256 Yurtiçi için: (0312) 4367255 / (0312) 4367256 Resit Galip Cad. Rabat Sok. No. 16 G.O.P. 06700 Ankara Türkiye Fax 境外傳真：(+90-312) 447 8465 境內傳真：(0312) 447 8465 Address Resit Galip Cad. Rabat Sok. No. 16 G.O.P. 06700 Ankara Türkiye Service Hour Çalışma saati: Pazartesi~Cuma 09:00~17:00. Çalışma Saatleri(Konsolos Bölümü)：Pazartesi~Cuma 09:00~12:00. Türkiye'deki Konsolosluğun Sorumlu Olduğu Diğer Ülkeler : Kuzey Kıbrıs, Kazakistan, Özbekistan, Türkmenistan, Kırgızistan, Tacikistan Gürcistan. Online Vize Başvuru Formu için: https://visawebapp.boca.gov.tw/ Email tur@mofa.gov.tw Emergency TEL 行動電話：(+90) 532- 322-7162 土國境內直撥：0532-322-7162 ROC Embassies and Missions Abroad Privacy Policy Accessibility RSS This site is recommended to use Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge and above browsers.