INTERNATIONAL UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Webinars Apply Now Events & Webinars Downloads Request Information LANGUAGE MENU Application Eligibility | APU Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Application Eligibility HOME Admissions Application Eligibility The following information is for applying for 2027 enrollment. First Year Transfer You must meet both Requirement 1 and Requirement 2: Requirement 1: Educational Qualifications Completed a 12-year standard education curriculum at an educational institution before your date of enrollment* at APU. If this applies to you, proceed to Requirement 2: Language Proficiency. If you do not meet the above condition, please check whether you meet one of the conditions (2-9) below. If you meet one of the following educational criteria before your date of enrollment* at APU, you meet Requirement 1 (Educational Qualifications). Completed a standard overseas education curriculum at an educational institution in Japan designated by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT). Completed an upper secondary course at a special training college designated by MEXT. Completed a standard education curriculum in less than 12 years at an overseas institution and have completed a curriculum at a preparatory educational institution designated by MEXT or at an educational center designated by MEXT. Received an International Baccalaureate Diploma, Abitur, Baccalaureate Diploma, European Baccalaureate Diploma, International A Level results or GCE A Level results. Completed a 12-year standard education curriculum accredited by an international evaluation group (WASC, CIS, ACSI, NEASC, Cognia, NCA CASI, NWAC, SACS CASI, COBIS). Be at least 18 years of age and have passed an official examination that shows academic background equivalent or superior to that obtained from a 12-year standard education curriculum (e.g. having received a GED certificate). Be at least 18 years of age and have been recognized through an individual screening by APU as having an academic background equivalent to or higher than a high school graduate. Completed a standard education curriculum equivalent to at least 11 years at an educational institution designated by MEXT or be expected to do so before your date of enrollment* should the standard education curriculum of your country or region not exceed 11 years (applicable as of August 21, 2023: standard education curricula in Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan). If this condition applies to you, please contact us before applying via the Inquiry Form , as individual conditions need to be confirmed. In the event that MEXT revises the qualifications for university admission, the updated regulations will be applied accordingly. Refer to the Educational Qualifications Chart if you would like to confirm if you meet the educational qualifications necessary to apply. At the time of submitting the application, please submit documents proving that you will satisfy at least one of the above qualifications before your date of enrollment*. If you are admitted to APU, during the enrollment procedures you will be required to submit documents confirming that you properly meet the qualification. If you are unable to submit the required documents by the designated deadline, your admission may be revoked. If your academic background is different from those listed above, confirm further details via the Inquiry Form before applying. *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Other Educational Backgrounds If you left high school before graduating, or completed a 12-year standard elementary and secondary school education curriculum in less than 12 years as a result of grade skipping or early graduation and will be younger than 18 years of age before your date of enrollment*, you should confirm further details via our Inquiry Form before applying. Requirement 2: Language Proficiency You must meet one of the following English or Japanese language proficiency requirements. Applicants who meet certain conditions may choose not to submit a language proficiency test. For details, view the Application Handbook from our Downloads page. Minimum English Proficiency Requirements for English-basis Applicants IELTS 6.0 *1 IELTS Online 6.0 *1 TOEFL iBT® Test 75 or 4.0 *2 TOEIC® L&R/S&W Test 1540 *3 Duolingo English Test 110 Cambridge English Qualifications 169 Linguaskill 169 PTE Academic 60 *4 EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency 2304 *5 *1 A minimum of 5.5 is required for each section. IELTS General Training Module is not accepted. *2 A total score of 75 or higher (for tests taken before January 21, 2026), or a total score of 4.0 or higher (for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026). TOEFL iBT® Home Edition and TOEFL ITP® Test are not accepted. *3 For TOEIC® (L&R/S&W), multiply the S&W score by 2.5 and add to the L&R score. TOEIC® Program IP (Institutional Program) is not accepted. *4 PTE General is not accepted. *5 EIKEN S-CBT and EIKEN S-Interview are accepted. Regardless of the test type and whether or not you passed the test, the EIKEN CSE 2.0 score will be evaluated. Minimum Japanese Proficiency Requirements for Japanese-basis Applicants JLPT N1 100 JLPT N2 120 EJU Japanese as a Foreign Language *1 Reading Comprehension/Listening and Listening-Reading Comprehension: total score of 250 Writing: 30 *1 Both minimum scores must be met. Note For April 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after June 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. For September 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after September 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. Original documents are required for certain language proficiency test results. Educational Qualifications Chart Answer a few questions to roughly determine your eligibility as a first-year student . Have you completed or will you complete either of the following before your date of enrollment* at APU? A 12-year standard education curriculum at an accredited educational institution that follows the laws and regulations of where the institution is located A 12-year standard education curriculum at an international school recognized by the government of the country where the school is located *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. If you are not sure if your school or country offers a 12-year standard education curriculum, please contact your local Japanese embassy for confirmation. Yes No According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over Have you completed or will you complete one of the following educational qualifications before your date of enrollment *1 at APU? International Baccalaureate Diploma Abitur Baccalaureate Diploma GCE A Level (two or more subjects *2 ) International A Level (two or more subjects *2 ) European Baccalaureate Diploma *1 The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. *2 Two subjects is the minimum requirement but we highly recommend submitting three. Yes No Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over Have you completed or will you complete a 12-year standard education curriculum at an international school accredited by one of the following, before your date of enrollment* at APU? WASC CIS ACSI NEASC Cognia NCA CASI NWAC SACS CASI COBIS *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Yes No Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over Have you completed or will you complete an 11-year standard education curriculum in Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, or Uzbekistan before your date of enrollment* at APU? *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Yes No Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over Have you passed an official examination equivalent to completing a 12-year standard education curriculum, such as the GED, and will be at least 18 years of age before your date of enrollment* at APU? *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Yes No Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over Have you completed or will you complete your education at an institution designated by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) before your date of enrollment* at APU? List of schools 1 , List of schools 2 (Japanese only) *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Yes No Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. Please make sure that you also meet APU's language requirements. If you have further questions about your eligibility, please contact us via the Inquiry Form . (Please note that this is a basic confirmation test and does not guarantee your application eligibility.) Apply Now Previous Start Over According to this basic check, you may not meet the academic eligibility requirements for applying to APU. If you would like to request verification of your educational background for application eligibility, fill out and submit our Education History Confirmation Request Form . Please note that it may take some time to receive a response. We recommend requesting verification at least four weeks prior to the application deadline. Previous Start Over You must meet both Requirement 1 and Requirement 2: Requirement 1: Educational Qualifications Transfer Students from Non-Bachelor's Degree Programs This category refers to applicants who plan to transfer to APU from an educational program other than a bachelor's degree program. Both second and third year transfer applicants must meet one of the following requirements: Have graduated from a junior college before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. Have graduated from a technical college in Japan before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. Have graduated from a special training school approved by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. Application eligibility will be restricted to the terms stated in Article 90 of the School Education Act. Transfer Students from Bachelor's Degree Programs This category refers to applicants who plan to transfer to APU from a bachelor's degree program at another university. You cannot apply if you have withdrawn from your university. Second year transfer applicants must meet one of the following requirements: Meet all of the following requirements before your date of enrollment *1 at APU: Have completed at least one year of study in a university bachelor's degree program outside Japan. Have completed 13 years of formal education based on a standard course curriculum *2 . Have acquired at least one fourth of the credits needed to graduate from your current university's bachelor's degree program. Have completed at least one year of study in a university bachelor's degree program within Japan and acquired at least 30 course credits before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. Third year transfer applicants must meet one of the following requirements: Meet all of the following requirements before your date of enrollment *1 at APU: Have completed at least two years of study in a university bachelor's degree program outside Japan. Have completed 14 years of formal education based on a standard course curriculum *2 . Have acquired at least half of the credits needed to graduate from your current university's bachelor's degree program. Have completed at least two years of study in a university bachelor's degree program within Japan and acquired at least 60 course credits before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. Second Bachelor's Degree Applicants This category refers to applicants who will have already completed a bachelor's degree program and plan to enter APU as a transfer student to obtain a second bachelor's degree. Second bachelor's degree applicants who plan to transfer to APU as a second or third year transfer student must fulfil the following requirement: Have graduated from a bachelor's degree program before your date of enrollment *1 at APU. In the event that the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) revises the qualifications for university admission, the updated regulations will be applied accordingly. At the time of submitting the application, please submit documents proving that you will satisfy the above qualification before your date of enrollment*. If you are admitted to APU, during the enrollment procedures you will be required to submit documents confirming that you properly meet the qualification. If you are unable to submit the required documents by the designated deadline, your admission may be revoked. If your academic background is different from those listed above, please confirm further details via the Inquiry Form before applying. *1 The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. *2 If you have completed an 11-year standard education curriculum at an educational institution in a country designated by MEXT (Belarus, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, Peru, Russia, Sudan, Ukraine, or Uzbekistan) as of August 21, 2023 and are currently enrolled in an educational institution for your 12th or 13th year of formal education, confirm further details via the Inquiry Form before applying. Requirement 2: Language Proficiency You must meet one of the following English or Japanese language proficiency requirements. Applicants who meet certain conditions may choose not to submit a result of a language proficiency test. Refer to the details stated below. For more details about this exemption, view the application handbook from our Downloads page. Minimum English Proficiency Requirements for English-basis Applicants IELTS 6.5 *1 IELTS Online 6.5 *1 TOEFL iBT® Test 85 or 4.5 *2 TOEIC® L&R/S&W Test 1730 *3 Duoling English Test 120 Cambridge English Qualifications 176 Linguaskill 176 PTE Academic 65 *4 EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency 2630 *5 *1 A minimum score of 6.0 is required for each section. IELTS General Training Module is not accepted. *2 A total score of 85 or higher (for tests taken before January 21, 2026), or total score of 4.5 or higher (for tests taken on or after January 21, 2026). TOEFL iBT® Home Edition and TOEFL ITP® Test are not accepted. *3 For TOEIC® (L&R/S&W), multiply the S&W score by 2.5 and add to the L&R score. TOEIC® Program IP (Institutional Program) is not accepted. *4 PTE General is not accepted. *5 EIKEN S-CBT and EIKEN S-Interview are accepted. Regardless of the test type and whether or not you passed the test, the EIKEN CSE 2.0 score will be evaluated. Minimum Japanese Proficiency Requirements for Japanese-basis Applicants JLPT N1 110 JLPT N2 140 EJU Japanese as a Foreign Language *1 Reading Comprehension/Listening and Listening-Reading Comprehension: total score of 280 Writing: 35 *1 Both minimum scores must be met. Note For April 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after June 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. For September 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after September 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. Original documents are required for certain language proficiency test results. FAQ Can I apply even if I am a current high school student? Yes, even if you are currently enrolled in high school, you can apply as long as you present your graduation certificate before your date of enrollment* at APU. Please check the details in Requirement 1: Educational Qualifications above for more information. *The date of enrollment is April 1, 2027 for April enrollment and September 21, 2027 for September enrollment. Is the GED recognized as an educational qualification for application eligibility? Yes, it is recognized as one of the eligible educational qualifications for applying to APU. Please check Application Eligibility 1: Educational Qualifications above for more information. Additionally, you must also meet Application Eligibility 2: Language Proficiency. How can I receive the Tuition Reduction Scholarship? All international students are eligible to apply for the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship for International Students. To apply for this scholarship, enter the required information and submit the essays and letter of recommendation by the application deadline. You may have a greater chance of receiving the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship if you apply earlier. Recipients will be selected based on a comprehensive evaluation of all submitted documents, the recorded interview, and information regarding their family financial situation. The scholarship results will be released together with the application results. Learn More Events & Webinars Application Schedule Costs & Scholarships FOLLOW US Connect with us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and much more! Sitemap Site Policy Regulations and GDPR Privacy Policy Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Address: 1-1 Jumonjibaru Beppu, Oita 874-8577 Japan Tel: +81-977-78-1119 (English) +81-977-78-1200 (Japanese) © 2024 Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Apply Now Enrollment Procedures Enrollment for Academic Year 2027 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Enrollment for Academic Year 2026 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Downloads Contact Us Request Information Language Search ABOUT APU Back About APU - TOP Why Japan APU Virtual Tour APU Videos Campus Map Directions Undergraduate Prospectus Articles UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Back Undergraduate Programs - TOP College of Sustainability and Tourism (ST) College of Asia Pacific Studies (APS) College of International Management (APM) Language Education Japanese Language App Off-campus Study Program Careers STUDENT LIFE Back Student Life - TOP Housing Food and Dining Health and Fitness Entertainment Club Activities and Regional Exchange ADMISSIONS Back Admissions - TOP How to Apply Application Eligibility Application Schedule Application Handbook COSTS & SCHOLARSHIPS Back Costs & Scholarships - TOP Tuition & Fees Scholarships Before Enrollment Scholarships After Enrollment JASSO Scholarship Money Matters EVENTS & WEBINARS Back Events & Webinars - TOP ACE Program Global Learning in Japan FAQ Back FAQ - TOP General FAQ FAQ for Families, Teachers, and Counselors GRADUATE SCHOOL CLOSE Select Your Language English 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(繁體/正體) ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 한글 اللغة العربية Español Français বাংলা မြန်မာဘာသာ Oʻzbek tili Welcome to the APU Admissions Website Which program are you interested in? Undergraduate Graduate