INTERNATIONAL UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Webinars Apply Now Events & Webinars Downloads Request Information LANGUAGE MENU Application Schedule | APU Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Application Schedule HOME Admissions Application Schedule 2027 Enrollment Application Schedule The application schedule varies depending on your country or region of residence and whether you are applying as a first-year applicant or a transfer applicant. In addition, there are multiple application periods available for each enrollment term (April or September). Note that for certain application periods for each enrollment semester, the deadline to complete the enrollment procedures after being admitted is shorter than other periods. Make sure you have checked the enrollment procedure deadlines before applying. Deadlines will not be extended under any circumstances. Apply Now First Year Applicants Applicants Residing in China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Thailand, or Viet Nam Applicants residing in countries and regions other than China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Thailand, and Viet Nam Applicants Residing in Japan Second Year Transfer Applicants Applicants Residing Outside Japan Applicants Residing in Japan Third Year Transfer Applicants Applicants Residing Outside Japan Applicants Residing in Japan FAQ When are the admissions results announced? The application deadlines and announcement of admission results vary depending on the level you are applying for, the semester you are applying to, and your country or region of residence. Please see our application schedules above to confirm the dates that apply to you. What are the deadlines for the enrollment fees and document submissions? The deadlines vary depending on the application period you apply for. Please confirm the deadline that applies to you on the Enrollment Procedures page. The numbers in the table correspond to those in the application schedule, and the enrollment procedure schedule varies depending on which schedule you apply for. Further details are provided to applicants once they pass the application selection process through the Online Enrollment Procedure System. Learn More Events & Webinars How to Apply Enrollment Procedures FOLLOW US Connect with us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and much more! Sitemap Site Policy Regulations and GDPR Privacy Policy Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Address: 1-1 Jumonjibaru Beppu, Oita 874-8577 Japan Tel: +81-977-78-1119 (English) +81-977-78-1200 (Japanese) © 2024 Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Apply Now Enrollment Procedures Enrollment for Academic Year 2027 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Enrollment for Academic Year 2026 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Downloads Contact Us Request Information Language Search ABOUT APU Back About APU - TOP Why Japan APU Virtual Tour APU Videos Campus Map Directions Undergraduate Prospectus Articles UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Back Undergraduate Programs - TOP College of Sustainability and Tourism (ST) College of Asia Pacific Studies (APS) College of International Management (APM) Language Education Japanese Language App Off-campus Study Program Careers STUDENT LIFE Back Student Life - TOP Housing Food and Dining Health and Fitness Entertainment Club Activities and Regional Exchange ADMISSIONS Back Admissions - TOP How to Apply Application Eligibility Application Schedule Application Handbook COSTS & SCHOLARSHIPS Back Costs & Scholarships - TOP Tuition & Fees Scholarships Before Enrollment Scholarships After Enrollment JASSO Scholarship Money Matters EVENTS & WEBINARS Back Events & Webinars - TOP ACE Program Global Learning in Japan FAQ Back FAQ - TOP General FAQ FAQ for Families, Teachers, and Counselors GRADUATE SCHOOL CLOSE Select Your Language English 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(繁體/正體) ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 한글 اللغة العربية Español Français বাংলা မြန်မာဘာသာ Oʻzbek tili Welcome to the APU Admissions Website Which program are you interested in? Undergraduate Graduate