INTERNATIONAL UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Webinars Apply Now Events & Webinars Downloads Request Information LANGUAGE MENU How to Apply | APU Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University How to Apply HOME Admissions How to Apply General Process from Application to Results The following information is for applying for 2027 enrollment. Additionally, the following is the general application process. It may vary for each applicant. Apply Now STEP 01 Create an account through the APU Online Application System . STEP 02 Enter your application information and upload digital copies of the required documents. For more information, view the Application Handbook from our Downloads page. STEP 03 Pay your application fee and submit your online application. STEP 04 Complete your recorded interview before the application deadline. STEP 05 Receive your application results, APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship results*. *If applicable. Note There are additional enrollment procedures that need to be completed if you are admitted. For more details on the enrollment process, including your student visa application, view here . Online Application Checklist A digital copy of all required application documents should be submitted through the online application. There is no need to print out the documents submitted online and send them to APU at the time of application. All documents submitted online will be treated as an authentic copy. Upload an official English or Japanese translation for documents not written in English or Japanese. For All Applicants Academic documents (transcripts and graduation certificate) Language proficiency test score Standardized test scores Proof of extracurricular activities (if applicable) Application fee Essays (only if applying for the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship) Letter of Recommendation (only if applying for the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship) Recorded interview For Transfer Applicants Required documents for transfer applicants Credit Transfer Application Form Syllabus Documents listing class hours and number of classes for each course Keep Your Documents Enrolling students must submit original documents or certified copies of uploaded application documents to APU by post. Therefore, make sure to hold on to any documents you submit during the application process. Your acceptance to APU will be revoked if your documents submitted after acceptance differ from those uploaded with your online application, or if you are not able to submit the necessary documents. Test Scores, Test Information, and Documents Click "Add Test" within the Online Application System on the Test Information and Certified Documents page to select the language proficiency test or standardized test scores you would like to submit, then upload a digital copy of the original results. The accepted tests are listed below. Accepted English Language Proficiency Test Documents Cambridge English Qualifications/Linguaskill Duolingo English Test EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency IELTS*/IELTS Online* PTE Academic TOEFL iBT® Test* TOEIC® L&R/S&W Test Standardized Test Documents to be Submitted Cambridge English Qualifications/Linguaskill Documents to be Submitted: Result Statement Cambridge English Qualifications: Verification Number or Reference Number Linguaskill: Candidate ID (User name), Average Level and Average Score Duolingo English Test Documents to be Submitted: Request to have your score sent directly to APU. EIKEN Test in Practical English Proficiency Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the original test result IELTS*/IELTS Online* Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the Test Report Form Test Report Form Number (TRF Number) IELTS One Skill Retake is accepted. PTE Academic Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the score report TOEFL iBT® Test* Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the score report. MyBest ® scores are accepted. TOEIC® L&R/S&W Test Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the original score report *TOEFL ITP® Test, TOEFL iBT® Home Edition, IELTS (General Training Module), TOEIC® Program IP (Institutional Program), and PTE General are not accepted. Accepted Japanese Language Proficiency Test Documents EJU Japanese Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) Standardized Test Documents to be Submitted EJU Japanese Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the Score Confirmation Report Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) Documents to be Submitted: Digital copy of the Certificate of Result and Scores Accepted Standardized Tests Submit scores of the standardized tests listed below if you possess them (if you possess multiple test scores, submit all of them). These test scores will be used to screen your academic ability. Some of the standardized tests can also be used for the application eligibility Requirement 1: Educational Qualification. For further details regarding the educational qualifications required to apply to APU, refer here . Abitur ACT Baccalaureate BTEC Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU) GCE A Level* GCE A Level (Singapore) GCE A Level (Sri Lanka) International A Levels (IAL)** General Educational Development (GED) Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma SAT (New) (Reading & Writing + Mathematics) High School Graduation Equivalency Exam Standardized Test Documents to be Submitted Abitur Documents to be Submitted: Upload your final result sheet (Abiturzeugnis). ACT Documents to be Submitted: Request to have your score report sent directly to APU using the institution code 5475 and upload a digital copy of the score report within the online application. Superscores are accepted. Baccalaureate Documents to be Submitted: Upload your transcript. Note that your enrollment eligibility may be revoked if you are not able to successfully receive a Diploma. BTEC Documents to be Submitted: Upload your scores from the following tests: Level 3 Diploma/National Diploma Level 3 Extended Diploma/National Extended Diploma Tests of Level 4 and above Examination for Japanese University Admission for International Students (EJU) Documents to be Submitted: Upload scores from one or more of the following subjects: Japan & the World, Mathematics (Course 1), Mathematics (Course 2) GCE A Level* Documents to be Submitted: Upload results from at least two subjects, or at least four subjects for AS Level. GCE A Level (Singapore) Documents to be Submitted: Upload results from three subjects. GCE A Level (Sri Lanka) Documents to be Submitted: Upload a digital copy of the score report with results from three subjects and enter your reference number. International A Levels (IAL)** Documents to be Submitted: Upload results from at least two subjects, or at least four subjects for AS Level. General Educational Development (GED) Documents to be Submitted: Upload your Official GED Transcript and diploma. Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE) Documents to be Submitted: Upload results from four core subjects and at least one elective subject. Predicted scores are accepted. International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Documents to be Submitted: Upload your IB transcript and diploma. Predicted grades are accepted. Note that your enrollment eligibility may be revoked if you are not able to successfully receive an IB Diploma. SAT (New) (Reading & Writing + Mathematics) Documents to be Submitted: Request to send your score report to APU directly using the institution code 2791 and upload a digital copy of the score report within the online application. High School Graduation Equivalency Exam Documents to be Submitted: Upload your official exam result and diploma. *Submitting AS Level results alone is not sufficient and does not meet the required educational qualifications. We strongly recommend you submit three or more A Level subjects. **Submitting IAL AS Level results alone is not sufficient and does not meet the required educational qualifications. We strongly recommend you submit three or more A Level subjects. Other Standardized Tests: You may upload the results of up to two additional standardized tests not listed under the "Accepted Standardized Tests" above. Only standardized test score reports within their validity period will be accepted. FAQ How do I apply? First, please create an account through the APU Online Application System . For step-by-step instructions, please check the explanations at the top of this page . What are English language proficiency tests are accepted for application eligibility? Most English based applicants are required to submit an English proficiency test as part of the application requirements. TOEFL, IELTS and Duolingo are just a few of the language proficiency tests accepted at APU. Please check the "Test Scores, Test Information, and Documents" section above. For April 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after June 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. For September 2027 enrollment, only scores of examinations taken on or after September 1, 2024 and by the application deadline will be accepted. For details about language test exemptions, view the application handbook from our Downloads page. How do I submit my academic documents? You will submit PDF copies of your documents through the APU Online Application System . Submissions via email or postal mail are not accepted. However, during the enrollment process, it will be necessary to send some of the original documents by mail. After completing the application, please make sure to keep copies of all the documents you submitted. Learn More Application Eligibility Application Schedule Costs & Scholarships FOLLOW US Connect with us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and much more! Sitemap Site Policy Regulations and GDPR Privacy Policy Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Address: 1-1 Jumonjibaru Beppu, Oita 874-8577 Japan Tel: +81-977-78-1119 (English) +81-977-78-1200 (Japanese) © 2024 Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Apply Now Enrollment Procedures Enrollment for Academic Year 2027 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Enrollment for Academic Year 2026 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Downloads Contact Us Request Information Language Search ABOUT APU Back About APU - TOP Why Japan APU Virtual Tour APU Videos Campus Map Directions Undergraduate Prospectus Articles UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Back Undergraduate Programs - TOP College of Sustainability and Tourism (ST) College of Asia Pacific Studies (APS) College of International Management (APM) Language Education Japanese Language App Off-campus Study Program Careers STUDENT LIFE Back Student Life - TOP Housing Food and Dining Health and Fitness Entertainment Club Activities and Regional Exchange ADMISSIONS Back Admissions - TOP How to Apply Application Eligibility Application Schedule Application Handbook COSTS & SCHOLARSHIPS Back Costs & Scholarships - TOP Tuition & Fees Scholarships Before Enrollment Scholarships After Enrollment JASSO Scholarship Money Matters EVENTS & WEBINARS Back Events & Webinars - TOP ACE Program Global Learning in Japan FAQ Back FAQ - TOP General FAQ FAQ for Families, Teachers, and Counselors GRADUATE SCHOOL CLOSE Select Your Language English 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(繁體/正體) ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 한글 اللغة العربية Español Français বাংলা မြန်မာဘာသာ Oʻzbek tili Welcome to the APU Admissions Website Which program are you interested in? Undergraduate Graduate