INTERNATIONAL UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS Webinars Apply Now Events & Webinars Downloads Request Information LANGUAGE MENU Scholarships Before Enrollment | APU Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Scholarships Before Enrollment HOME Costs & Scholarships Scholarships Before Enrollment The following information is for applying for 2027 enrollment. Tuition Reduction Scholarship for International Students APU Tuition Reduction Scholarships are offered in percentages of 30%, 50%, 65%, 80% and 100% , and cover the standard period of time until graduation. These scholarships are made available by the financial contributions of domestic and international companies and individuals, together with the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), to support the ideals of APU, with the purpose of helping to reduce the financial burden for outstanding international students of lesser financial means. Interview JANTATUM SURATCHAI Nationality: Thailand College: College of Asia Pacific Studies Recipient of 100% Tuition Reduction Scholarship The APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship played a crucial role in helping me financially, making it possible for me to study at APU without worrying about tuition and living expenses. This has enabled me to focus more on my academic life. Additionally, the scholarship motivated me to study hard every day to be deserving of it from the moment I learned about it. It has also been one of the main factors that pushed me to pursue my dream of gaining new knowledge both academically and in life, along with seeking a unique experience and culture in the new country of Japan. KAMPENI KHAMA ELSIE Nationality: Malawi College: College of International Management Recipient of 100% Tuition Reduction Scholarship As the global economy was and still is hard hit by COVID-19, among many other events, it was really daunting for me when it came to applying to universities, not fully knowing how my family would be able to afford the fees involved. Getting admitted to and receiving the tuition reduction scholarship at Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University was and remains a great blessing. Currently in my second year, I have had the opportunity to learn another language, experience not only Japanese culture but also many others, and learn from great professors while in such a unique and culturally diverse community. It is such a dream come true. I will forever be sincerely grateful for it. WONG Ah Sui Akina Nationality: Mauritius College: College of International Management Recipient of 100% Tuition Reduction Scholarship I would like to thank Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University for awarding me the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship for the Fall 2020 cohort. I grew up in a household where neither my grandparents nor parents attended university. Nonetheless, it was assumed from the start that I would be the first in the family to pursue higher education, and moreover, overseas. Thus, this opportunity was all the more meaningful to them and me in fulfilling this expectation and desire. Through this scholarship, I was able to pursue my studies despite the challenges of the pandemic. I feel that with the scholarship, I am able to confidently explore the range of opportunities available at APU, from taking APS subjects that interest me, to joining the American Sign Language club, volunteering at an animal shelter, and taking part in the overseas student exchange program, a long-time dream. How to get this scholarship Eligibility Hold a "Student" status of residence while studying at APU. Apply for admission as an international applicant. If you currently have a status of residence other than "Student" and wish to be considered for this program, you must submit the "Letter of Intent to Change to Student Residence Status" at the time of application, and change your status of residence to "Student" by the day before the enrollment date. If your status of residence is changed to a category other than "Student" after enrollment, you will lose your eligibility (except while the change is being processed). To qualify for a renewal of the scholarship, recipients must pass a review of their academic performance and earn the required number of credits each semester. If you pass the review, the scholarship will remain applicable for the standard period of study (up to the eighth semester). If the recipient is subject to disciplinary action or if inappropriate behavior is found, the scholarship may be revoked. Application and Selection Enter the required information and submit the essay and letter of recommendation by the application deadline. You may have a greater chance of receiving the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship if you apply earlier in each enrollment period. Recipients will be selected based on a comprehensive evaluation of all submitted documents, the recorded interview, and information regarding their family financial situation. Results will be released together with the final application results. Essays and Letter of Recommendation Essays Follow the instructions in the online application and complete the essays by yourself within the word limit (200 words each). Letter of Recommendation A letter of recommendation is required from an instructor at the educational institution you most recently attended. The recommender must have known you for at least half a year. If you are currently enrolled at an educational institution, ask an instructor from that institution. If you have already graduated, you may ask a language school instructor or a supervisor at a place of employment or internship (not including part-time jobs). How to submit the Letter of Recommendation Enter the recommender's information in the online application . A Letter of Recommendation form will be automatically emailed to them, so make sure to confirm that they have received it. After completing the necessary information in English or Japanese and including a digital signature, your recommender can submit the form online directly to APU. While you cannot view the contents of the submitted form, you can check its submission status in the Online Application System. The submission status of your letter of recommendation can be checked on the status page displayed after completing your online application. Please ensure that your recommender submits the letter in either English or Japanese. Submissions in any other language will not be accepted. Tips We advise that you keep the mission of APU in mind. Our mission is to contribute to freedom, peace, humanity, international mutual understanding, and the future shape of the Asia Pacific region. With this as our base, we are working towards our 2030 vision to provide an education to those who want to change the world. Tuition Reduction Scholarship for First Year Students Tuition Reduction Annual Scholarship Amount Annual Tuition Borne by Student 30% Annual Scholarship Amount: 436,500 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 1,018,500 JPY 50% Annual Scholarship Amount: 727,500 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 727,500 JPY 65% Annual Scholarship Amount: 945,750 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 509,250 JPY 80% Annual Scholarship Amount: 1,164,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 291,000 JPY 100% Annual Scholarship Amount: 1,455,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 0 JPY Tuition Reduction Scholarship for Transfer Students Tuition Reduction Annual Scholarship Amount Annual Tuition Borne by Student 30% Annual Scholarship Amount: 450,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 1,050,000 JPY 50% Annual Scholarship Amount: 750,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 750,000 JPY 65% Annual Scholarship Amount: 975,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 525,000 JPY 80% Annual Scholarship Amount: 1,200,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 300,000 JPY 100% Annual Scholarship Amount: 1,500,000 JPY Annual Tuition Borne by Student: 0 JPY * Note that tuition amount may be subject to change. In addition, the tuition for the first year of study is different from the tuition for the second through fourth years of study. FAQ How can I receive the Tuition Reduction Scholarship? All international students are eligible to apply for the Tuition Reduction Scholarship. This scholarship is based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, economic factors, application documents, and recorded interview. A review of academic performance and other criteria will be conducted each semester to determine whether or not recipients qualify for the renewal of the APU Tuition Reduction Scholarship. Does APU provide any loans or grants? APU does not have a loan or grant program, but you may apply for a number of different scholarships after enrollment . You are also encouraged to apply for private scholarships in your home country or region. Learn More Scholarships After Enrollment Admissions Events & Webinars FOLLOW US Connect with us on social media to keep up with our latest events, news, and much more! Sitemap Site Policy Regulations and GDPR Privacy Policy Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Address: 1-1 Jumonjibaru Beppu, Oita 874-8577 Japan Tel: +81-977-78-1119 (English) +81-977-78-1200 (Japanese) © 2024 Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University Apply Now Enrollment Procedures Enrollment for Academic Year 2027 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Enrollment for Academic Year 2026 English-Basis Students Japanese-Basis Students Downloads Contact Us Request Information Language Search ABOUT APU Back About APU - TOP Why Japan APU Virtual Tour APU Videos Campus Map Directions Undergraduate Prospectus Articles UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Back Undergraduate Programs - TOP College of Sustainability and Tourism (ST) College of Asia Pacific Studies (APS) College of International Management (APM) Language Education Japanese Language App Off-campus Study Program Careers STUDENT LIFE Back Student Life - TOP Housing Food and Dining Health and Fitness Entertainment Club Activities and Regional Exchange ADMISSIONS Back Admissions - TOP How to Apply Application Eligibility Application Schedule Application Handbook COSTS & SCHOLARSHIPS Back Costs & Scholarships - TOP Tuition & Fees Scholarships Before Enrollment Scholarships After Enrollment JASSO Scholarship Money Matters EVENTS & WEBINARS Back Events & Webinars - TOP ACE Program Global Learning in Japan FAQ Back FAQ - TOP General FAQ FAQ for Families, Teachers, and Counselors GRADUATE SCHOOL CLOSE Select Your Language English 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(繁體/正體) ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 한글 اللغة العربية Español Français বাংলা မြန်မာဘာသာ Oʻzbek tili Welcome to the APU Admissions Website Which program are you interested in? Undergraduate Graduate