International Christian University College of Liberal Arts English Language Based Admissions April / September Entry For Regular (First-Year) Students ADMISSIONS GUIDE 2027 Admissions Guide 2027 NOTES Handling of Personal Information Personal information submitted during the application process will be used solely for purposes related to admissions, such as document screening, correspondence with applicants, notification of admissions results, enrollment procedures, and other related administrative or public relations activities. Some of the tasks mentioned above may be outsourced to third-party service providers contracted by International Christian University (ICU). In such cases, personal information may be provided in whole or in part to these contractors. ICU ensures that all contractors are bound by agreements that require compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI), relevant laws and regulations, and applicable guidelines. ICU also exercises appropriate supervision over these contractors to ensure that necessary and proper security measures are in place to prevent unauthorized access, alteration, leakage, or loss of personal information. Additionally, data collected through the admissions process may be used for statistical analysis and research related to admissions. Such research may be conducted internally at ICU or outsourced to a trusted agency under strict confidentiality agreements. Further information about ICU's policy on the protection of personal information can be found at: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/policy/ Declaration of Non-Discrimination The University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexuality, or national origin in the administration of its educational policies, admission decisions, financial aid, employment, or any other University programs or activities. Medical Attention While medical certification is not required at the time of application, applicants with conditions that might require special consideration in order to be able to access classes and facilities at the university should notify the Admissions Center in writing. Contacts Admissions Center International Christian University 3-10-2, Osawa, Mitaka-shi, Tokyo 181-8585, JAPAN <In Japanese> 〒181-8585 東京都三鷹市大沢 3-10-2 国際基督教大学 アドミッションズ・センター Tel: 0422-33-3700 (from abroad, +81-422-33-3700) Fax: 0422-33-3635 (from abroad, +81-422-33-3635) Email: admissions-center@icu.ac.jp Web: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/undergraduate/engdoc/ Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) can be found on the website linked below: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/undergraduate/faq/ 1 PREFACE Admissions Policy: What ICU Looks For Founded on the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Christian University (ICU) aims to cultivate "responsible global citizens" who will contribute to world peace and to help people from diverse backgrounds live together harmoniously. ICU has been a trailblazer in liberal arts education in Japan since its founding in 1953, purs uing, as its name suggests, international, Christian, and academic missions. In order to realize this vision and meet the challenges in the global community, ICU seeks students from Japan and around the world who possess - and want to enhance - the following qualities 1. Intellectual curiosity and creativity transcending disciplinary boundaries 2. Sound judgment and the ability to think logically and critically 3. Global communication skills necessary for dialogue with people from diverse cultural backgrounds 4. The initiative and motivation needed to identify, solve, and engage with real world problems In Admissions, we look for students who have studied broadly, whether in Japan or in other parts of the world and whether in the arts or in the sciences. We look for students who have the ability to integrate basic knowledge from various subjects so that t heir understanding forms the basis of taking action, and who also have the ability to communicate in foreign languages. ICU's College of Liberal Arts offers a variety of admissions and assessment procedures in order to admit diverse students with the potential to change both themselves and the world. 2 WHO THIS ADMISSIONS GUIDE IS INTENDED FOR For Applicants Who Already Have Sufficient English Language Proficiency and Wish to Develop Japanese Language Skills After Enrollment In this admission route , hereafter referred to "ELBA (or English Language Based Admissions )", the entire process is conducted in English. Therefore, having sufficient English language proficiency to take university level courses in English is a prerequisite. Below are the minimum requirements for demonstrating this proficiency. ◼ Minimum Requirements: IEL TS TOEFL iBT Tests taken before January 20, 2026 Tests taken on or after January 21, 2026 6.5 79 4.5 No Japanese language proficiency is required at the time of application ; however, students admitted via the ELBA route must complete the Japanese Language Program (JLP) as part of graduation requirements. The length of the JLP depends on the student's proficiency of the Japanese language at the time of enrollment. For beginners, it may take up to 6 terms (2 years) to complete. This is a part of ICU's commitment to Japanese-English bilingual education. Students cannot graduate by only taking courses offered in English or only in Japanese. Language Program After Enrollment The required language program after enrollment is determined according to the admissions route selected. *For Holistic Admissions (Foreign Education Systems), exceptions may apply depending on English proficiency.  For TOEFL iBT , only single test date scores are considered; MyBest scores are not accepted.  Submission of these scores is required unless applicants meet the criteria for exemption. See "Exemption Criteria" for details.  The minimum score requirements are scheduled to be raised starting with the 2028 admissions cycle. For details, please refer to https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/undergraduate/images/27ELBA.pdf. Notes:  English Proficiency of ELBA Admits: Once you are admitted through the English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) process, you are considered to be proficient enough in English. In such cases, ELA (English for Liberal Arts Program) classes are not required in principle.  Purpose and Target Students of the ELA Program: As a language program designed to help students acquire English language proficiency and critical thinking skills, ELA is primarily for those who enter ICU through the admissions conducted in Japanese. *Once enrolled, there is no curriculum distinction by admissions routes besides the JLP or ELA requirements. Important Notes: ELBA is NOT ELA 3 CONTENTS Application Overview …………………………………………………………………………… 4 1. Number of Students Admitte d …………………………………………………………… 4 2. Eligibility Criteria for Regular (First -Year) Students ……………………………………… 5 3. Admissions Requirements by Educational System ……………………………………… 6 4. Screening Process ………………………………………………………………………… 12 5. Application Schedule ……………………………………………………………………… 14 Application Documents ……………………………………………………………… ……… 15 1. Online Application Form (Data Entry to OAS) ……………………………………………… 16 2. Documents to Be Uploaded by the School ………………………………………………… 17 3. Documents to Be Uploaded by the Applicant …………………………………………… 21 How to Apply ………………………………………………… ………………………………… 25 1. After Submission of All Required Application Materials……………………………………… 27 2. How Applicants Request Counselor & Recommenders to Upload Documents …………… 28 3. Instructions for Counselors & Recommenders: Uploading Requested Documents ……… 29 4. Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) ………………… 30 Online Interview (Only for Type B) …………………………………………………………… 31 1. Mandatory Connection Test ……………………………………………………………… 31 2. Online Interview …………………………………………………………………………… 32 3. Tips for Getting Ready for the Zoom Meetings ……………………………………………… 32 Reasonable Accommodations for Applicants with Disabilities …………………………… 34 Notification of Decisions ………………………………………………………………………… 35 When You are Admitted ………………………………………………………………………… 35 1. Entrance Procedures ………………………………………………………… …………… 35 2. Academic Fees Payment …………………………………………………………………… 35 3. Required Documents to Be Submitted to ICU Admissions Center ………………………… 36 4. Procedures Necessary for Entering Japan ………………………………………………… 37 Expenses …………………………………………………………………………… …………… 39 Financial Aid and Scholarships ………………………………………………………………… 40 Accommodation …………………………………………………………………… …………… 42 APPENDIX: Conditions for Online Interview ………………………………………………… 43 *Degree-seeking students (i.e., Regular and Transfer Students) are not permitted to hold concurrent enrollment at another institution while enrolled in ICU. Students must officially withdraw from or complete their studies at their previous institution prior to enrollment at ICU. This admissions guide is intended for Regular (First-Year) Students. If you are interested in other student categories, please refer to the following links: → For Transfer Students → For Non-Degree-Seeking Students Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 4 Back to CONTENTS APPLICATION OVERVIEW 1. Number of Students Admitted Approximately 100 students are expected through this English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) route as a whole. This total includes both Regular (First-Year) and Transfer (Second-Year) students, as well as those for April and September intakes. The following data presents application and admission outcomes for the English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) for Academic Year 2026 intakes, organized by entry term (April or September): ◼ April 2026 Entry: Student Category Applied Admitted Regular (First-Year) 208 31 Transfer (Second-Year) 17 2 Total 225 33 ◼ September 2026 Entry: Student Category Applied Admitted Regular (First-Year) 683 234 Transfer (Second-Year) 14 5 Total 697 239 Please Be Aware:  All applicants are evaluated under the same admissions policy and academic standards, and qualified applicants who meet the required standards are offered admission regardless of entry term, without being strictly constrained by a fixed quota for each term.  There is no advantage or disadvantage in applying for April or September entry. ELBA Admissions Results for AY2026 (Reported by Entry Term for Reference) For Regular (First-Year) Application 5 Back to CONTENTS 2. Eligibility Criteria for Regular (First-Year) Students Regular Students are students who matriculate as first-year students to seek a bachelor's degree. ◼ Applicants must meet ONE of the following criteria by the time of enrollment at ICU: (1) Have completed 12 years of formal education in Japanese schools accredited by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (2) Have completed 12 years or more of formal education outside of Japan (3) Have an International Baccalaureate Full Diploma, French Baccalauréat, European Baccalaureate, Abitur, or GCE Advanced Levels (4) Have graduated from an officially accredited international/foreign school in Japan (5) Have passed an examination demonstrating academic ability equivalent to 12 years of formal education, such as the GED (General Educational Development) test or the Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination, and be at least 18 years of age (6) Have completed 11 years or more of formal education in which the high school curriculum is based on the system of Uzbekistan, Sudan, Belarus, Peru, Russia, Myanmar, Ukraine, or Kazakhstan. Notes:  For items (1) & (2): "12 years (or more ) of formal education " does not refer to the total number of years of schooling alone, but to the completion (or expected completion) of the final year of a formal 12-year (or higher) curriculum within Japanese or a foreign educational system.  Applicants under item (5) must have already passed the GED or other equivalency exam and submit the official diploma and transcript at the time of application; applications based on expected or pending results are not accepted. Plus, applicants must be at least 18 years old at the time of enrollment at ICU.  Item (6) applies only to the listed countries, whose 11-year education systems are officially recognized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology in Japan (MEXT) as equivalent to the Japanese high school curriculum. Mandatory Educational System-Specific Requirements: Applicants applying through ELBA must not only meet the general eligibility criteria above but must also fulfill the Admissions Requirements by Educational System. These requirements define systemspecific mandatory credentials, as well as required courses or examinations. Examples include:  Canada - Provincial Senior Secondary Diploma with completion of designated courses  China - High School Diploma with Huikao and Gaokao  Korea - High School Diploma with CSAT  New Zealand - NCEA Level 3 with University Entrance (UE) etc. Failure to meet these requirements will result in ineligibility, regardless of general eligibility status. For further details, be sure to review pages 6 to 11 carefully. If any of the following applies to you, please submit the Eligibility Check Form by the designated deadline:  I have been home-schooled.  I have been attending unaccredited schools.  I am 23 years old (or older) and a high school graduate.  I left my college or university more than five years ago.  I couldn't find my educational system in the list on pages 6 to 11. Deadlines (Please submit the Eligibility Check Form well in advance of the deadline): For April 2027 Entry: 23:59 (JST) on August 14, 2026 For September 2027 Entry: 23:59 (JST) on November 13, 2026 Notes: - Review may take more than one week depending on circumstances and may be delayed during extended holidays or active selection periods. ICU may temporarily suspend acceptance of the form if inquiries exceed capacity. - You may proceed with the online application without completing the Eligibility Check or waiting for a response; however, your application may be deemed ineligible and not accepted after review of your application materials. Does any of the following apply to you? (Eligibility Check Form required) Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 6 Back to CONTENTS 3. Admissions Requirements by Educational System  Applicants applying through English Language Based Admissions ( ELBA) must not only meet the general eligibility criteria but must also fulfill the Admissions Requirements by Educational System.  These requirements define system-specific mandatory credentials , as well as required courses or examinations applicable to each educational system.  Failure to meet these requirements will result in ineligibility, regardless of general eligibility status.  In ELBA, applicants are required to apply under either Type A or Type B based on their educational background. Applicants may apply under only one application type, and each type corresponds to a distinct selection process: Type A: Applicants who meet any of the following criteria must apply under Type A: (1) Hold a Japanese or U.S. high school diploma from an officially accredited school; or (2) Hold an International Baccalaureate (IB) Full Diploma or UK GCE A Levels Type B: Applicants who do not meet the Type A criteria but have completed senior secondary education with qualifications for university entrance in their respective educational system must apply under Type B.  The sections beginning on the following page present the Admissions Requirements separately for Type A and Type B, organized by educational system. *The requirements described in the following sections are subject to change without prior notices in the event of reforms in the respective educational systems. The following flowchart outlines the application type classification (Type A or Type B) and the corresponding selection process. Please note that meeting the application type criteria does not replace the general eligibility criteria or the admissions requirements by educational system. → Refer to pages 12 through 13 for further details of the selection process. Application Type and Corresponding Selection Process (Overview) For Regular (First-Year) Application 7 Back to CONTENTS ◼ For Type A Systems: Applicants who have completed, or are expected to complete, the Japanese or U.S.-based high school system, IB Diploma Programme or UK GCE A Levels fall under the Type A category. For Japanese High School Graduates Japan  Japanese High School Diploma (awarded by a MEXT-accredited school) *A final high school transcript clearly indicating the date of graduation must be submitted.  For Current Students (Before Graduation): Applicants who have not yet graduated may submit the required credentials (final certificates) after graduation. At the time of application, they must submit a certificate confirming their expected graduation date. This can be replaced by submitting the ICU School Report in the designated format, as it contains equivalent information. *Deferred credentials (final certificates) must be submitted by a prescribed deadline to complete enrollment. Failure to submit the required deferred documents will result in cancellation of the admission offer.  For 高等学校卒業程度認定試験 or 大学入学資格検定 Holders: Applicants who have passed the Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination (高等学校卒業程度認定試験) or the University Entrance Qualification Examination (大学入学資格検定 ) may apply under this category and must submit the official certificate and final transcript. *Such applicants must be at least 18 years of age by the time of enrollment at ICU. U.S.-Based Education United States  U.S. High School Diploma (awarded by a public or officially accredited school) *A final high school transcript clearly indicating the date of graduation must be submitted. *"Officially accredited school" includes international schools granted by U.S. regional accrediting agencies such as WASC, NEASC, MSA-CESS, Cognia, etc., or by internationally recognized accrediting bodies such CIS and ACSI.  For Current Students (Before Graduation): Applicants who have not yet graduated may submit the required credentials (final certificates) after graduation. At the time of application, they must submit a certificate confirming their expected graduation date . This can be replaced by submitting the ICU School Report in the designated format, as it contains equivalent information. *Deferred credentials (final certificates) must be submitted by a prescribed deadline to complete enrollment. Failure to submit the required deferred documents will result in cancellation of the admission offer.  For U.S. GED or HiSET Holders: Applicants who have passed the U.S. GED (General Educational Development) or HiSET (High School Equivalency Test) apply under this category and must submit the official certificate and final transcript. *Such applicants must be at least 18 years of age by the time of enrollment at ICU. Applications based on expected or pending results are not accepted for U.S. GED and HiSET. Applicants who have completed or will complete a Japanese or U.S.-based high school curriculum must submit either "SAT" or "ACT Plus Science and Writing." Alternative test scores are not accepted. These applicants are required to apply under Type A , which is assess ed solely through documentary screening and does not include an interview. Such applicants are not eligible to apply under T ype B, regardless of whether SAT or ACT scores are submitted. *Please refer to pages 23 to 24 for detailed instructions on how to arrange submission of official SAT or ACT score reports. Submission of SAT or ACT Scores (Mandatory) For Regular (First-Year) Application 8 Back to CONTENTS International Baccalaureate (IB) IBDP (IB Diploma Programme)  IB Full Diploma *Official IB final results (final grades) must be sent electronically through IB Information System. * IB Certificates and the IB Career-related Programme (IBCP) are not accepted. IB Full Diploma is needed. IB Course or IBCP holders are ineligible to apply unless they hold other valid credentials recognized by ICU.  After the Release of Results: Applicants must arrange for their IB final grades to be sent electronically to ICU through the IB Information System. https://ibo.org/university-admission/support-students-transition-to-higher-education/requesting-and-sending-transcripts/  Before the Release of Results (Predicted Grades Accepted): If final grades are not available at the time of application, applicants must submit a predicted grades report issued by their school. If no standard format is available, ICU-designated format (Report Form for IB Predicted Grades) may be used. The report must include bonus points (out of 3) and total points (out of 45). *Applicants who submitted predicted grades must provide final results immediately after they are released. Admission may be cancelled if required final results are not submitted as proof of the IB Full Diploma attainment. UK GCE A Level UK GCE A Level  GCE A Level,  GCSE, and  GCE AS Level (if applicable) *Both the certificates and statements of results must be submitted as proof. *GCE A Level refers to the General Certificate of Education Advanced Level; GCSE refers to the General Certificate of Secondary Education; and AS Level refers to Advanced Subsidiary. These include International A Level, IGCSE, AS Level awarded by recognized international examination boards such as Cambridge International and Pearson.  Requirements for GCSE, AS Levels, and A Levels (Subject Coverage): At least five different subjects must be passed, ideally including one from each of the following subject groups: Humanities, Social Sciences, Mathematics, Natural Sciences, and Languages . Subjects taken at different levels within the same subject will be counted as one subject. *Applicants originally from non-English speaking countries or regions are recommended to take English Language unless they have spent their junior and senior high school years―approximately six years－within the British school system.  Minimum A Level Requirements (At Least Two A Levels): Of the five passes, two must be at A Level . Foreign language subjects (or subjects taken for language acquisition) will not be counted toward this requirement if they teach the applicant's first language or a language used at home. *For example, a native Japanese speaker taking A Level Japanese must present two additional A Levels other than Japanese to meet this requirement.  Before the Release of Results (Predicted Grades Accepted): If final grades are not available at the time of application, applicants must submit a predicted grades report issued by their school. *Applicants who submit predicted grades must provide final results immediately after they are released. Admission may be cancelled if final results are not submitted or if the minimum A Level requirements are not fulfilled. Submission of "SAT" or "ACT Plus Science and Writing" scores is not required for IB Full Diploma or UK GCE A Levels candidates. However, applicants who hold valid SAT or ACT scores taken within the past five years may submit them if they wish to use these scores as a primary reference rather than IB or A Level grades. Important Notes:  Submission of SAT or ACT scores does not replace the required IB or A Level results (or predicted grades).  Applicants applying under these qualifications are assessed under Type A, i n which selection is conducted solely by documentary screening, without an interview. *Please refer to pages 23 to 24 for detailed instructions on how to arrange submission of official SA T or ACT score reports. Submission of SAT or ACT Scores (Optional) For Regular (First-Year) Application 9 Back to CONTENTS ◼ For Type B Systems: Type B is intended only for applicants who do not fall under Type A but have completed senior secondary education and hold recognized qualifications for university entrance within the respective educational systems. For Current Students (Before Graduation): Applicants who have not yet graduated may submit the required documents (as specified below by educational system) after graduation. At the time of application, they must submit a certificate confirming their expected graduation and completion of the required courses or examinations.  Submission of ICU School Report in the designated format can replace this if containing equivalent information.  Applicants must also submit a list of courses currently in progress or to be taken in the final semester or term, in order to confirm that the specified course requirements are expected to be fulfilled (if applicable). *Deferred documents (final certificates) must be submitted by a prescribed deadline to confirm enrollment process. Failure to submit the required deferred documents will result in cancellation of the admission offer. Admissions Requirements by Educational System (Type B) Notes: - The educational systems listed below are provided as examples and do not represent an exhaustive list. - Applicants with qualifications from countries or regions not included in this list are required to submit the Eligibility Check Form. - The requirements below may change without prior notice in the event of educational reform in the respective country or region. Australia  Senior Secondary Certificate of Education*, and  Australian Tertiary Admissions Rank (ATAR) *Details of the required documents differ by state/territory. Check the link below: https://www.acaca.edu.au/index.php/senior-secondary-certificates/ Canada  Provincial Senior Secondary Diploma *Exact name of the diploma or certificate may vary by province. *Final high school (or senior secondary school) transcript must be submitted as proof. This must indicate completion of required curriculum and/or the final attestation results.  ICU-Specified Course Requirements by Province: Alberta Five Grade 12 academic courses (30/31), including English Language Arts 30-1. British Columbia: Five Grade-12 academic courses, including English Studies 12 (or English 12 or English 12 First Peoples). Ontario: Six Grade-12 4U/4M courses including English 4U Prince Edward Island: Five Grade-12 academic courses (611 or 621) including English 621 *Applicants from a province not listed above, or those who need further clarification, must contact the ICU Admissions Center via email before application period starts. China  Chinese High School Diploma (中国高中毕业证书),  High School Academic Proficiency Test (会考; Huikao) results, and  China College Admission Examination (高考; Gaokao) results *English Verification Reports for the above documents must be submitted through CSSD (Center for Student Services and Development: https://www.chsi.com.cn/en/service/) If Huikao and/or Gaokao results are not yet available at the time of application, the test schedule and expected result release date must be reported to the ICU Admissions Center with a school-issued document verifying these details.  In Case of Dual-Diploma Program: Applicants enrolled in a dual-diploma or joint high school program (e.g., Sino-U.S., Sino-U.K., Sino-Canada) must refer to the admissions requirements corresponding to the actual diploma or leaving certificate to be awarded upon graduation. For Regular (First-Year) Application 10 Back to CONTENTS European Baccalaureate  European Baccalaureate *List of Marks (final grades) must be submitted together with the certificate. French  French Baccalauréat *The final grades must be included in the certificate or accompanying official transcript. Germany  Abitur *The final grades must be included in the certificate or accompanying official transcript. Hong Kong  Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) *A final HKDSE statement of results (final grades) must be submitted.  ICU-Specified Course Requirements: The HKDSE must include four Core Subjects and two Elective Subjects (Category A). If Chinese Language is not taken, three Elective Subjects are required. Mathematics Extended Part (Module 1 or 2) may be used to satisfy the elective requirement. India If awarded by CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Education)  All India Senior School Certificate Examination (Grade 12), and  All India Secondary School Examination (Grade 10) If awarded by CISCE (Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations)  Indian School Certificate (Grade 12), and  Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (Grade 10) *In all cases, official examination results for both Class 10 and Class 12 must be submitted. Indonesia  Ijazah SMA (Sekolah Menegah Atas) *A final official academic transcript (Nilai Ijazah) must be submitted together. Korea  Korean High School Diploma, and  College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) results *If CSAT results are not yet available at the time of application, the test schedule and expected result release date must be reported to the ICU Admissions Center with a schoolissued document verifying these details.  For Korean GED Holders: Applicants who have passed Korean GED may fall under this category and must submit the official certificate and final transcript in place of the Korean High School Diploma. CSAT results are still required. *Notes: - Applications based on expected or pending results are not accepted. - Applicants must be at least 18 years of age at the time of enrollment at ICU. - Submission of Korean GED results cannot replace the required CSAT results. New Zealand  NCEA Level 3 with University Entrance *NCEA refers to the National Certificates of Educational Achievements. *Official documents issued by NZQA (New Zealand Qualifications Authority) ―Record of Achievements (ROA) and School Results Summary (SRS) ―must be submitted  "University Entrance" Standard is Required: Applicants without the "University Entrance" standard are not eligible to apply. Russia  Certificate of Secondary General Education (Attestat o Srednem Obshchem Obrazovanii), and  Unified State Examination (USE) results *If USE results are not yet available at the time of application, the test schedule and expected result release date must be reported to the ICU Admissions Center with a school -issued document verifying these details. For Regular (First-Year) Application 11 Back to CONTENTS Singapore  Singapore-Cambridge GCE O Level, and  Singapore-Cambridge GCE A Level *Both the certificates and statements of results must be submitted as proof.  ICU-Specified Course Requirements: The Singapore-Cambridge GCE A Level must include at least three passes in H2 subjects. Thailand  Thailand Certificate of Secondary Education (Mathayom 6) *A final transcript (final grades) must be submitted. Ukraine  Certificate of Complete General Secondary Education,  State Final Attestation (SFA) results, and  External Independent Evaluation (EIE) test results *If SFA and/or EIE results are not yet available at the time of application, the test schedule and expected result release date must be reported to the ICU Admissions Center with a school-issued document verifying these details. Vietnam  Vietnamese High School Diploma (Bằng Tốt Nghiệp Trung Học Phổ Thông), and  National High School Graduation Examination results (Kỳ thi tốt nghiệp trung học phổ thông) *If the final examination results are not yet available at the time of application, the test schedule and expected result release date must be reported to the ICU Admissions Center with a school-issued document verifying these details.  FAQ: Q. Can I use my SAT or ACT scores instead of the required university entrance qualifications in my country (e.g., Huikao and Gaokao in China, CSAT in Korea, and NCEA Level 3 with University Entrance in New Zealand)? A. No. Applicants are required to submit all qualification documents specified in the Admissions Requirements by Educational System, regardless of whether SAT or ACT scores are submitted. Submission of SAT or ACT scores does not replace the prescribed national or system -specific university entrance qualifications. Applicants who would otherwise fall under Type B may choose to apply under Type A by submitting valid "SAT" or "ACT Plus Science and Writing" scores taken within the past five years, in which selection is conducted solely by documentary screening, without an interview. Please note, however, that s ubmission of SAT or ACT scores does not replace the required credentials and course or examination requirements listed above. *Please refer to pages 23 to 24 for detailed instructions on how to arrange submission of official SA T or ACT score reports. For Type B Applicants Who Hold Valid SAT or ACT Scores (Optional) For Regular (First-Year) Application 12 Back to CONTENTS 4. Screening Process  The screening process is conducted in accordance with ICU admissions policies and regulations, which are grounded in Japanese national educational requirements.  All required application documents are used to ensure a fair and accurate assessment.  Omissions of any of the required documents may adversely affect the admission decisions.  In English Language Based Admissions (ELBA), applicants will proceed to either Type A or Type B based on their educational background. Criteria for Type A and Type B Applications: *Meeting the application type criteria does not replace the general eligibility criteria (p.5) or the system -specific admissions requirements (p.6-11). Eligibility Criteria Admissions Requirements by Educational System *Applicants may apply under only one application type (Type A or Type B). Type A Type B Applicants who meet any of the following criteria must proceed via Type A: (1) Hold a Japanese or U.S. High School Diploma from an officially accredited school or (2) Hold an IB Full Diploma or UK GCE A Levels Type B is only for applicants who do not meet the Type A criteria but have completed senior secondary education with qualifications for university entrance in their educational system. *The above requirements must be fulfilled by the time of enrollment at ICU. *Applicants who would otherwise fall under Type B may choose to apply under Type A by submitting valid SA T/ACT scores Documentary Screening Only; No Interview Documentary Screening AND Online Interview Type A applicants must submit any of the following standardized test results: (SAT / ACT Plus Science and Writing / IB Full Diploma / UK GCE A Levels) Type B applicants must complete an online interview in addition to the documentary screening. A mandatory connection test will be conducted on a separate date prior to the interview ⚠ Important Notes:  Applicants from the Japanese or U.S. educational system: Applicants who graduate from Japanese or U.S.-based educational systems must apply under Type A. Such applicants are not eligible to apply under Type B, regardless of whether SAT or ACT scores are submitted.  Only IB Full Diploma is accepted (IB Course Certificates or IBCP Certificate is NOT) Applicants who hold only IB Course Certificates, or who completed IB courses without obtaining the IB Full Diploma, are not eligible to apply under either Type A or Type B, unless they possess other valid qualifications recognized by ICU. Likewise, the IB Career-related Programme (IBCP) Certificate is not accepted.  Applicants from the U.K. educational system (UK GCE A Level, including International A Levels) Applicants from the U.K. system must apply under Type A and may not apply under Type B. Such applicants must have passed at least two A Level subjects. Further details can be found on page 8.  Applicants from schools with multiple accreditations: If an applicant's school holds multiple accreditations and the applicant's educational background allows eligibility under either Type A or Type B, the applicant may choose one application type. However, applicants may not apply under both Type A and Type B simultaneously. *Example: A Canadian school (Type B) offering a dual program that also awards a U.S. High School Diploma (Type A).  Applicants who have passed recognized Japanese or U.S. high school equivalency examinations: Applicants who have passed any of the examinations listed below are regarded as having qualifications equivalent to a Japanese or U.S. high school diploma: - Japanese "Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination (高等学校卒業程度認定試験)" - Japanese "University Entrance Qualification Examination (大学入学資格検定)" - U.S. GED (General Educational Development) - U.S. HiSET (High School Equivalency Test) For Regular (First-Year) Application 13 Back to CONTENTS (Continuing from the preceding section, 4. Screening Process)  Admission decisions are made holistically, and all components are given equal consideration, including academic transcripts, application essays, and letters of recommendation , as well as standardized test scores (for Type A applicants) or the online interview (for Type B applicants). Process Overview (from Application to Results): 1. Check your eligibility and detailed requirements Visit the following links to see if you are eligible to apply. Details differ by educational system. → Eligibility Criteria (p.5) → Admissions Requirements by Educational System (pp.6-11) 2. Know your application schedule and deadline There are three application periods per year: One is for April entry and two are for September entry. Applicants must choose one period, as they are not allowed to apply more than once per year. Whoever wishes to reapply must wait at least one year. *Type B applicants may not apply in the first application period for September entry. → Application Schedule (p.14) 3. Prepare required application documents Start arranging documents with your school and testing institutions well in advance. → Application Documents (p. 15) *Steps 4 through 6 must be completed within the designated timeframe (Check "Application Schedule" on page 14). 4. Complete the online data entry once the application period starts Register your information in the Online Application System (OAS) once the application period starts. → ICU Online Application System (OAS) 5. Pay the application fee 30,000 yen for Regular (First-Year) Students. *In addition to the application fee, an 880 yen system operation fee will be charged. Please note that, once paid, the application fee (and the system operation fee) will not be refunded under any circumstances. 6. Upload all required application documents in PDF format Once you complete the data entry and application fee payment, you may upload the necessary files on your application portal (OAS MyPage). Be sure to upload the required items by the application period deadline . Some documents must be uploaded by your school counselor and recommenders. To do this, it is necessary that you register the teachers in OAS in advance and send them a request for uploading the required items. → For Counselors and Recommenders → Forms to Download 7. Have the submitted documents reviewed (All applicants) Have an online interview on a designated date and time (Type B applicants only) Type B applicants must be interviewed online in addition to document ary screening. Since interviews are conducted remotely via Zoom, applicants do not need to come to campus. Prior to the online interview, a connection test must be done on a separate date . Detailed instructions about the online interview and mandatory connection test (including a meeting time, ID, and passcode) will be notified through OAS. 8. Notification of the admission decisions Admissions results will be notified through OAS on the given notification date. *An additional online interview may be required at the discretion of the University: Details, including an invitation to Zoom, will be provided at the time of notification. Those who do not hold Japanese nationality must have, or obtain, valid residence status in Japan to enroll in ICU. Even if you complete the required entrance procedures after receiving notification of acceptance from ICU, if you fail to obtain valid residence status in Japan, you will not be allowed to enroll in ICU. Even if ICU applies to the Immigration Services Agency of Japan for the Certificate of Eligibility (CoE) on your behalf, ICU assumes no responsibility for the results of the CoE application. Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 14 Back to CONTENTS 5. Application Schedule  ICU's academic year begins in April and is divided into three terms: Spring, Autumn, and Winter.  Students can enroll in ICU in April, at the beginning of the Spring Term, or in September, at the beginning of the Autumn Term. ⚠ Important Notes:  Application Timing: Applicants may apply for only one entry term: April or September. For September entry, applicants may apply to only one application period (First or Second). There is no advantage or disadvantage in applying for April or September entry, nor between the first and second application periods for September entry.  No Deferral of Admissions: Admission offers cannot be deferred to a later term or year. If admitted for April entry, the successful applicants may not defer enrollment to September or later, and vice versa. Applicants should select their intended entry term carefully without assuming the possibility of deferral.  Reapplication Restriction: Regardless of the admissions results, applicants must wait one year before reapplying. For example, applicants for September 2026 entry may not apply for April 2027 entry but may apply again for September 2027 entry. ◼ Application Schedule for 2027 Entries: April 2027 Entry Japan Standard Time [JST] using the 24-hour time system Application Period Online Interview (Only for Type B) Notification of Decisions Matriculation Fee Payment Deadline Start Deadline April 2027 Type A Type B 10:00 on Oct. 1, 2026 23:59 on Oct. 8, 2026 Nov. 21, 2026 11:00 on Dec. 1, 2026 Feb. 1, 2027 Connection Test: Nov. 16, 2026 Note:  Spring Term Tuition and Facilities Fee must be paid together with the Matriculation Fee for April entry. September 2027 Entry Japan Standard Time [JST] using the 24-hour time system Application Period Online Interview (Only for Type B) Notification of Decisions Matriculation Fee Payment Deadline Start Deadline Sept. 2027 1st Appl. Period Type A 10:00 on Jan. 6, 2027 23:59 on Jan. 14, 2027 ― 11:00 on Feb. 26, 2027 Jun. 1, 2027 Sept. 2027 2nd Appl. Period Type A Type B 10:00 on Feb. 15, 2027 23:59 on Feb. 25, 2027 Apr. 2, 2027 11:00 on Apr. 16, 2027 Connection Test: Mar. 29, 2027 Notes:  Autumn Term Tuition and Facilities Fee must be paid by August 10, 2027.  The first application period is only available for Type A applicants not for Type B applicants.  There is no advantage or disadvantage in applying in either the first or second application period. Detailed instructions about the online interview and mandatory connection test will be notified through OAS, which include a meeting time, meeting ID, and passcode. See the following section for details: → Online Interview (Only for Type B) (p.31) For Type B Applicants (Both April and September Entries) For Regular (First-Year) Application 15 Back to CONTENTS APPLICATION DOCUMENTS The following items are required to complete the application. Some documents may require time to be issued by the applicant's school or testing institution; applicants are advised to begin preparation well in advance. 1. Online Application Form (Data Entry to OAS) □ A) Basic Information □ B) Educational History □ C) Personal Statement □ D) Short Essay □ E) Extracurricular Activities □ F) Special Recognition 2. Documents to Be Uploaded by the School □ G) Required Documents by Educational System □ H) Official Transcript □ I) ICU School Report □ J) Two Letters of Recommendation 3. Documents to Be Uploaded by the Applicant □ K) Proof of English Proficiency (IEL TS or TOEFL) □ L) SAT or ACT Plus Science and Writing Scores (only for applicable Type A applicants) ⚠ Important Notes:  Language Requirement: All documents must be submitted in English. Documents originally issued in languages other than English (e.g., Japanese) must be accompanied by an official English translation. *Certified translations must be prepared by a school official or an authorized organization (e.g., an embassy).  Name Discrepancy: If the name on the application documents differs from the name registered in OAS, applicants must submit one of the following: - a letter of explanation issued by the applicant's school; or - a copy of the applicant's passport for identification.  Use of Generative AI (Strictly Prohibited): The use of generative AI in preparing any application documents is strictly prohibited. For English Language Based Admissions (ELBA), applications are completed via the ICU Online Application System (OAS). Applicants must register their personal information, pay the application fee, and upload the required documents via OAS. Some documents must be uploaded directly by their school; therefore, applicants are required to register their school counselor and recommenders in advance on OAS MyPage. → ICU Online Application System (OAS): https://www.eraku-p.jp/erp/icu-uads/ ICU Online Application System (OAS) For Regular (First-Year) Application 16 Back to CONTENTS 1. Online Application Form (Data Entry to OAS)  The following items A through F must be completed in the ICU Online Application System (OAS).  After completing all required data entries, applicants must pay the application fee (credit card only) within the system and upload the required documents by the designated application period deadline. A) Basic Information Applicants are required to p rovide the ir personal information, including but not limited to desired student category, application type, applicant's name, date of birth, nationality(ies), status of residence in Japan , first language(s), academic history of Japanese language acquisition, contact address, phone number, and parent's or guardian's information. B) Educational History Applicants are required to list their complete educational history from elementary school t hrough the most recent school attended or from which the applicant has graduated. For each school, applicants must provide the period of attendance, school location, language(s) of instruction, and the name of the diploma or certificate awarded or to be awarded. *School names must be provided in English exactly as they appear on official transcripts. C) Personal Statement Applicants are required to write a 500-600 word personal statement on their motivation and purpose for studying at ICU. State your motivation and purpose for studying at ICU in 500 to 600 words. Include the following points: (1) Study and career plans (2) Your motivation to study Japanese in the Japanese Language Program and conduct specialized studies in both English and Japanese (3) Contributions you can make to realize ICU's ideals D) Short Essay Applicants are required to write an essay on one of the topics listed below. The essay must have a title and be 400 to 500 words in length, and should include the applicant's personal point of view on the issue and/or how the issue has affected or impacted the applicant: A) Discuss a current issue of personal, local, national, or international concern and its importance to you. B) Describe a work of art (painting, literature, music, etc.), a historical episode, or a scientific achievement that has impressed you and explain how it has affected your outlook on life. C) Evaluate a significant experience, achievement, challenge, or ethical dilemma you have accomplished/faced and its impact on you. E) Extracurricular Activities Applicants can list extracurricular activities, community service, or internships undertaken during or after high school. Applicants who have been out of school for more than one year may include activities completed after leaving school (e.g., internships, language study, employment). F) Special Recognition Applicants may list honors, awards, or special recognitions obtained during or after high school. Up to three official certificates with the official seal or signature of the issuing institution may be uploaded. *Only documents bearing an official seal or signature of the issuing institution will be accepted.  FAQs: Supporting Documents for Special Recognition (for Applicants) Q1. I have more than three awards. Can I submit more than three documents? A. You may submit up to three documents only. Submissions exceeding this limit will not be reviewed. Q2. How and when do I submit them? A. After paying the application fee, you may upload the documents (.pdf) to "Other Documents" on your OAS MyPage. Academic Integrity and Use of Generative AI The use of generative AI in preparing any application documents is strictly prohibited. The Personal Statement and Short Essay must be the applicant's own original work and must not be plagiarized or generated by AI. Any falsification, fabrication, or plagiarism will result in denial or withdrawal of admission, or dismissal after enrollment. → ICU's Perspective on the Use of Generative AI by Students Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 17 Back to CONTENTS 2. Documents to Be Uploaded by the School  Items G through J must be uploaded by school officials through the Submission Portal.  Applicants are responsible for registering their counselor and recommenders in OAS and requesting document submission. *For Japanese high schools, a homeroom teacher may serve as a counselor.  Detailed instructions on how to use the portal can be found on the relevant pages linked below: → How Applicants Request Counselors & Recommenders to Upload Documents (p.28) → Instructions for Counselors & Recommenders: Uploading Requested Documents (p.29) → Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) (p.30) G) Required Documents by Educational System The Required Documents by Educational System refer to a set of documents used to confirm both the completion of senior secondary education and qualifications for university entrance under a given educational system. *The details of the required documents (e.g., academic credentials, examination results) and the applicable requirements (e.g., specified course requirements) vary according to the educational system. Applicants are required to carefully review the Admissions Requirements by Educational System (pp. 6-11) and ensure that their school submits all specified documents in accordance with these requirements.  FAQs: Required Documents by Educational System (for Applicants) Q1. I have passed the Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination (高等学校卒業程度認定試験) in Japan. Which educational system should I refer to? A. Applicants who have passed the Upper Secondary S chool Equivalency Examination (高等学校卒業程度認定試験) are classified under the Japanese educational system. Please refer to page 7. *This classification also applies if you have passed the former University Entrance Qualification Examination (大学入学資格検定). Similarly, if you hold a U.S. GED or HiSET qualification, you are classified under the U.S.-based education (p.7). Q2. I graduated from an international school accredited by a U.S. regional accrediting agency (e.g., WASC, NEASC, MSA-CESS, Cognia). How am I classified? A. If your school is accredited by any of the organizations listed above, you are classified under the U.S.-based educational system. Please refer to page 7. Q3. Does the category "UK GCE A Level" include International A Levels? A. Yes. If you hold International A Levels awarded by recognized international examination boards, such as Cambridge International and Pearson, they are treated as the "UK GCE A Level " qualifications for the purpose of this admissions process. Q4. I have not yet graduated, and the specified final documents are not available at the time of application. What should I do? A. If you have not yet completed your senior secondary education at the time of application, you must submit:  Official proof of expected graduation, and *Submission of ICU School Report in the designated format can replace this, as it contains equivalent information.  A list of courses you are currently taking or are scheduled to complete. Once admitted, you must submit the final required documents by a prescibed deadline. *If the required documents are not received by that deadline, your admission offer will be cancelled. Q5. My educational system is not listed in Required Documents by Educational System? What should I do? A. If your educational system is not listed, please submit the Eligibility Check Form by the deadlines below: For April 2027 Entry: 23:59 (JST) on August 14, 2026 For September 2027 Entry: 23:59 (JST) on November 13, 2026 *Review may require more than one week depending on individual circumstances. Additional time may be needed during extended holidays or active selection periods Q6. May I submit SAT or ACT scores in place of the required credentials or examination results? A. No. Regardless of whether SAT or ACT scores are submitted, you must submit all required qualification documents specified in Admissions Requirements by Educational System . Submission of SAT or ACT scores does not replace the prescribed national or system-specific university entrance qualifications. For Regular (First-Year) Application 18 Back to CONTENTS H) Official Transcript Applicants must request that their school(s) submit official transcript(s) of their secondary education. The following requirements apply:  The transcript(s) must be the most recent version available at the time of application.  The transcript(s) must cover at least three academic years, including the final (senior) year. *Transcripts that do not cover a minimum of three academic years may be considered incomplete.  FAQs: Official Transcript (for Applicants) Q1. What should I submit if my final (senior) year courses are still ongoing and not yet shown on my transcript? A. If the transcript does not yet include courses from the final (senior) year, you are required to submit the following documents in addition to the transcript:  a first-quarter/-semester or mid-year report; and  a list of courses currently in progress and/or planned for the remaining period of study (final semester/year). In addition, please ensure that your counselor indicates, through the ICU School Report*, when an updated transcript and/or mid-year report will become available. *The School Report includes a question regarding the expected availability of an updated transcript and/or mid-year report. Q2. I attended more than one school during the last three academic years. What transcripts are required? A. If you attended more than one high school, you must submit an official transcript from each schoo l, unless t he transcript issued by your most recently attended school clearly includes:  Courses and grades covering the three academic years; and  Academic records from all other schools attended during that period. Q3. What if I graduated early or skipped one or more grades? A. If you graduated early or skipped any grades, you must submit an official document issued by the school explaining this circumstance. *If this information is clearly stated in the transcript, no additional document is required. Q4. I am already attending a university or college. Should I submit those transcripts as well? A. If you are currently enrolled in a university or college, you may submit an official university or college transcript in addition to your high school transcripts. *Submission of a university/college transcript does not replace the requirement to submit official high school transcripts. Q5. Can GCSE and A Level results be submitted instead of high school transcripts detailing each year? A. In principle, GCSE and A Level results alone are not accepted as a substitute for year-by-year high school transcripts. In addition to GCSE and A Level certificates and statements of results, ICU requires school-issued academic records that clearly show grades by academic year and by subject. Acceptable examples include:  Official year-by-year transcripts; or  Grade reports or progress reports issued by the school Please consult your school counselor(s) in advance to confirm whether such year-by-year, subject-based records covering the required study period can be issued. *Similarly, reference-style records are not accepted as a substitute for year-by-year, subject-based transcripts or reports. If your school encounters unavoidable difficulties, the following submission methods are accepted in order of priority: (1) Direct upload by your school via the Submission Portal (to OAS) (2) Submission by email from an official school domain address to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp (3) Submission by post to the ICU Admissions Center (4) Upload by you on behalf of your school (last resort only) Important: Option (4) applies only to official transcripts and only if all of the following conditions are met:  None of the above methods (1-3) are possible  The document is officially issued and bears a school stamp, signature, or other certification  It is uploaded to the "Other Documents" section on your OAS MyPage *Student copies or uncertified documents without a school stamp or signature will not be accepted. *Confidential documents (e.g., letters of recommendation, ICU School Report) must be submitted directly by your school. Please note that, if you upload your official transcript yourself, you will be required to submit the original or a certified true copy by courier service or registered mail during the entrance procedures if admitted. → Refer to 3. Additional Documents to Be Submitted to Admissions Center (p. 36) for details. What should I do if my school cannot submit the official transcript due to unavoidable reasons? For Regular (First-Year) Application 19 Back to CONTENTS I) ICU School Report [Must Be Submitted Using ICU-Designated Form (click here)] The ICU School Report provides supplementary information regarding the applicant 's academic performance and school background. It is a mandatory document required and must be submitted alongside the Official Transcript. Applicants must request their school counselor to submit the ICU School Report. The following conditions apply:  Only the latest ICU-designated form is accepted, and it must be completed by a school counselor.  The ICU School Report and the Official Transcript are both mandatory and cannot replace each other.  When submitting transcripts from multiple schools, a corresponding ICU School Report for each school is required. FAQs: ICU School Report (for Counselors) Q1. What is the ICU School Report, and who is responsible for submitting it? A. The ICU School Report is a required supplementary document to the Official Transcript. It must be completed and submitted by a school counselor using the ICU-designated format. Please ensure that the completed form is converted to PDF format before submission. Q2. May we use a School Report prepared in our own format or forms such as the Common App.? A. No. Only the ICU-designated School Report format is accepted. Submissions using any other format, including internally developed forms or third-party formats (e.g., the Common App.), will not be accepted. Please ensure that the latest version of the ICU School Report for the relevant admissions year is used. Q3. Is the information provided in the ICU School Report confidential? A. Yes. All contents of the ICU School Report are strictly confidential. Applicants have formally waived the right to review the information provided, and the contents are used solely for admissions evaluation purposes. Q4. For the School Profile-related sections, may we attach existing school materials instead of completing those fields? A. Yes. If the requested information is fully and clearly covered by attached official documents (e.g., a detailed school profile), you may write "See Attached" in the relevant fields. However, all sections that relate specifically to the applicant must be completed directly on the ICU School Report form (ICU-designated format). Q5. If certain requested information about the applicant (e.g., class rank) cannot be provided due to school policy, how should we respond? A. If the information cannot be disclosed due to school policy, please select "Not Available" on the form. That said, in order to support a fair and equitable evaluation of applicants from diverse educational backgrounds, we kindly ask that you provide as much information as your school policy permits whenever possible. Q6. What should I do if I have technical difficulties submitting the ICU School Report via the Submission Portal? A. If the portal cannot be used, ICU may accept the completed ICU School Report by postal mail or email attachment alongside the official transcript, subject to conditions below.  Postal mail: Send sealed, signed/stamped confidential documents to ICU Admissions Center.  Email: Send from an official school domain email address to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp. Further details can be found on the Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) (p.30) *Documents after the deadline are not accepted. Email or postal submission is allowed before the application period opens. No. The ICU School Report may contain confidential information that is not disclosed to the applicant. All applicants are required to understand this and formally waive the right to review its contents and must therefore request their school counselor to complete and submit the report on their behalf. *ICU School Reports uploaded by applicants themselves will not be accepted, regardless of the circumstances. Can I complete and upload the ICU School Report myself on behalf of my school counselor? For Regular (First-Year) Application 20 Back to CONTENTS J) Two Letters of Recommendation Applicants must submit two letters of recommendation from high school teachers. The following conditions apply: (1) School Affiliation Requirement: At least one of the two letters must be written by a teacher who currently teaches or has taught the applicant at the high school from which the applicant will graduate or has graduated. *The second letter may be from a teacher at a previously attended high school. (2) Academic Subject Requirement: At least one of the two letters must be written by a teacher who teach es or has taught the applicant in a core academic subject, such as English, Social Studies, Mathematics, Science, or a Foreign Language. *Foreign language courses (or subjects taken for language acquisition) that teach the applicant's first language or a language used at home do not qualify as core academic subjects. ESL (English as a Second Language) or similar language support courses are also excluded. Notes: - It is not required that each letter meet both conditions independently; a single letter may satisfy both conditions. - For example, if one letter is from a teacher at the applicant's current (or most recent) high school who teaches a core academic subject, the second letter may be from a principal, vice principal, guidance counselor, or IB coordinator, even if they do not teach the applicant. ◼ Submission of the Information Sheet (Coversheet for a Letter of Recommendation) A completed Information Sheet (Coversheet for a Letter of Recommendation) in the ICU-designated format must be submitted together with the letter of recommendation when:  the letter is submitted by postal mail;  the letter is submitted by email attachment; or  the letter is uploaded by a third party on behalf of the recommender. FAQs: Letter of Recommendation (for Recommenders) Q1. How long should the letter of recommendation be? A. Approximately 1,000 words or less. Q2. What should the letter focus on? A. The recommender's relationship with the applicant, the applicant's character and abilities, and-if possible-their potential success at and contributions to the ICU community. *For academic teachers, the subject taught must be specified. Q3. Is there a required format? A. No. However, the letter must include the recommender's name and title, be signed, and use of official letterhead is preferred. Q4. Can someone other than the recommender complete the Information Sheet? A. Yes. In cases where a third party uploads the letter, the Information Sheet may be completed by an authorized third party based on information directly obtained from the recommender. However, under no circumstances may the applicant complete the Information Sheet on behalf of the recommender, even if the recommender has given permission. Q5. Can the Information Sheet be submitted on its own? A. No. It must always be submitted together with the letter of recommendation. Q6. Are letters of recommendation confidential? A. Yes. Applicants have waived the right to review confidential letters, and ICU strictly maintains confidentiality of all submitted materials. Q7. What should I do if I have technical difficulties using the Submission Portal? A. If the portal cannot be used, ICU may accept documents by postal mail or email attachment, subject to conditions below:  Postal mail: Send sealed, signed/stamped confidential documents to ICU Admissions Center.  Email: Send from an official school domain email address to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp. For any submission made outside the portal, the completed Information Sheet (Coversheet for a Letter of Recommendation) must be attached to the letter of recommendation. Further details can be found on the Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) (p.30) *Documents arriving after the deadline are not accepted. Email or postal submission is allowed before the application period opens. No. The letters of recommendation may contain confidential information that is not disclosed to the applicant. All applicants are required to understand this and formally waive the right to review its contents and must therefore request their recommenders to submit the letters of recommendation on their behalf. *Letters of recommendation uploaded by applicants themselves will not be accepted, regardless of the circumstances. Can I upload the letters of recommendation myself on behalf of recommenders? For Regular (First-Year) Application 21 Back to CONTENTS 3. Documents to Be Uploaded by the Applicant  Items K and L must be uploaded by the applicant to the Online Application System (OAS).  Uploading will become available once the applicant has completed the application registration process, including data entry and payment of the application fee.  For IEL TS, TOEFL, SAT, and ACT Score Reporting: Simply uploading scores to OAS is not sufficient. Applicants must also arrange for the official score reports to be sent via the specified methods. K) Proof of English Proficiency (IEL TS or TOEFL) Applicants must submit either IEL TS or TOEFL official scores, which satisfy the following score requirements, in accordance with the specified methods: ◼ Minimum Requirements*: IEL TS TOEFL iBT Tests taken before January 20, 2026 Tests taken on or after January 21, 2026 6.5 79 4.5 *The minimum score requirements are scheduled to be raised starting with the 2028 admissions cycle. For details, please refer to the web link at https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/undergraduate/images/27ELBA.pdf. ◼ Validity of Scores: Taken no more than two years before the first day of the month following the last days of the application period: For April 2027 Entry: November 1, 2024 or later For September 2027 Entry: 1st application period February 1, 2025 or later 2nd application period March 1, 2025 or later ◼ Exemption Criteria: Submission of IEL TS or TOEFL scores is required unless applicants meet the exemption criteria described below: (1) Applicants who have spent both junior and senior high school years (or the equivalent last six continuous school years) at institutions in which English is the language of instruction (in all classes except for foreign and national language classes); or (2) Applicants who are IB Diploma candidate s and are taking or have taken IB English A ("Literature" or "Language and Literature"). *For the criteria (1): No additional documents are required at the time of application. ICU will determine whether the applicant meets the exemption criteria based on the registered information and submitted application materials . If ICU cannot confirm whether the applicant meets the exemption criteria or not, they may be asked to provide additional information or documentation. ◼ Submission Method: When arranging the submission of official scores, applicants must read the instructions described below carefully and allow sufficient time. Official score reporting from each testing institution may take several weeks. If ICU Admissions Center is unable to verify the official scores by the application deadline, the application will be considered incomplete and cannot be accepted. Notes: - Test registration and official score reporting are generally separate procedures. - Official score reports may be sent before the application period opens as early submissions will be accepted. - ICU does not assume responsibility for any issues related to score reporting arrangements (e.g., misdelivery or delays); nor does it respond to individual inquiries regarding the receipt status of scores. - For score reporting or delivery procedures and any test -related inquiries, applicants must contact the respective testing organization directly. If you were home-schooled, you must contact ICU Admissions Center in advance, even if the language of instruction was English. Additional confirmation is required to determine whether you meet the English language proficiency exemption criteria. For Home-Schooled Applicants For Regular (First-Year) Application 22 Back to CONTENTS IEL TS  IEL TS must be the Academic Module. Any test format is acceptable, provided that it is the Academic Module, including paper-based, computer-delivered, or online tests.  IEL TS One Skill Retake is not accepted. Please submit all items 1-3 using the methods specified below. Required Documents Submission Method 1. Test Report Form Upload items 1 and 2 as PDF files to OAS MyPage (Available for upload after application registration process is completed) 2. Proof indicating the date on which the electronic score delivery request was completed (e.g., confirmation email or a screenshot of your IEL TS account page showing order completion) 3. (Electronic Delivery) Test Report Form Arrange for the testing organization to send the Test Report Form directly to the ICU Admissions Center via electronic score delivery. (Postal mail is not required.) *When arranging the electronic delivery of the IEL TS Test Report Form, use the following information:  Institution: International Christian University  Department: Admissions Center  Address: 3-10-2 Osawa, Mitaka-shi, Tokyo 181-8585, Japan  Delivery Method: Electronic Score Delivery *Although the address is generally not required for electronic delivery, enter it only if required by the testing organization. *Depending on the test center, the delivery method may need to be entered in a "Remarks" or equivalent field. TOEFL iBT  TOEFL MyBest™ scores are not accepted. Only scores from a single test date are accepted.  TOEFL iBT Home Edition is acceptable, but TOEFL ITP (Institutional Testing Program) is not. Please submit all items 1-3 using the methods specified below. Required Documents Submission Method 1. Test Taker Score Report (A PDF downloaded from your ETS account is acceptable) Upload items 1 and 2 as PDF files to OAS MyPage (Available for upload after application registration process is completed) 2. Proof indicating the date on which the electronic score delivery request was completed (e.g., confirmation email or a screenshot of your ETS account page showing order completion) 3. (Direct Submission) Official Score Report Arrange for ETS to send the Official Score Repor t directly to the ICU Admissions Center via electronic score delivery using DI Code: 0860.  FAQs: Use of Duolingo English Test (DET) (for Applicants) Q1. Can I use Duolingo English Test (DET) scores instead of IEL TS or TOEFL? A. DET scores may be accepted only under very limited and exceptional circumstances, as determined by ICU. Approval is not granted as a general alternative to IEL TS or TOEFL. Q2. Are financial reasons sufficient to request permission to use DET? A. No. Financial reasons alone, such as lower test fees, are not considered valid grounds for approval. Q3. What if there is no IEL TS or TOEFL test center in my region? A. In such cases, you are expected to first consider alternative official options, such as IEL TS Online or TOEFL iBT Home Edition, before requesting permission to use DET scores. As proof of English language proficiency instead of IELTS or TOEFL, the Duolingo English Test (DET) may be accepted only as an exceptional measure for applicants whom ICU deems to have extreme difficulties in taking IEL TS or TOEFL -such as those in refugee camps or war-torn areas-and only upon a formal request with supporting documentation. If this applies to you, you must contact ICU Admissions Center via email before the application period starts. You need permission to use your DET score as proof of English Proficiency in place of IEL TS or TOEFL.  Prior approval is required.  The minimum required DET score is 110. Exception: Use of Duolingo English Test (DET) Due To Extreme Circumstances For Regular (First-Year) Application 23 Back to CONTENTS L) SAT or ACT Plus Science and Writing (only for applicable Type A applicants) [Required only for applicable Type A applicants] Applicants who fall under any of t he following conditions must submit official SAT or ACT Plus Science and Writing scores taken within the last five years in order to proceed via Type A: (1) Applicants who hold (or are expected to obtain) a Japanese or U.S. high school diploma* (2) IB Full Diploma or UK GCE A Level s holders (or candidates) who possess valid SAT or ACT scores and wish to submit these scores in addition to their IB or A Level grades (or predicted grades). (3) Applicants who would otherwise fall under Type B but choose to apply under Type A by submitting valid SAT or ACT scores in addition to their system-specific required documents (e.g., credentials and examination results). (4) Other applicants who have been instructed in advance by the ICU Admissions Center to submit SAT or ACT scores (e.g., applicants who graduated more than five years ago and are therefore required to submit SAT or ACT scores taken within the last five years to show the most recent academic performance) *This includes applicants who have passed the Japanese Upper Secondary School Equivalency Examination (高等学校卒業程度認定試験) , the University Entrance Qualification Examination (大学入学資格検定), the U.S. GED (General Educational Development) or HiSET (High School Equivalency Test). ◼ Submission Method: When arranging the submission of official scores, applicants must read the instructions described below carefully and allow sufficient time. Official score reporting from each testing institution may take several weeks. If ICU Admissions Center is unable to verify the official scores by the application deadline, the application will be considered incomplete and cannot be accepted. Notes: - Test registration and official score reporting are generally separate procedures. - Official score reports may be sent before the application period opens as early submissions will be accepted. - ICU does not assume responsibility for any issues related to score reporting arrangements (e.g., misdelivery or delays); nor does it respond to individual inquiries regarding the receipt status of scores. - For score reporting or delivery procedures and any test -related inquiries, applicants must contact the respective testing organization directly. SAT  Must be taken within five years prior to the application start date.  Evaluation will be based on the highest section scores across all available test dates (Superscoring). Please submit all items 1-3 using the methods specified below. Required Documents Submission Method 1. Test Taker Score Report (A PDF downloaded from your College Board account is acceptable) Upload items 1 and 2 as PDF files to OAS MyPage (Available for upload after application registration process is completed) 2. Proof indicating the date on which the electronic score delivery request was completed (e.g., confirmation email or a screenshot of your College Board account page showing order completion) 3. (Electronic Delivery) Official Score Report Arrange for the testing organization to send the Official Score Report directly to the ICU Admissions Center via electronic score delivery using ICU institutional code: 0860. ACT Plus Science and Writing  Must be taken within five years prior to the application start date.  Must include the Science and Writing sections.  Evaluation will be based on the highest section scores across all available test dates (Superscoring). Please submit all items 1-3 using the methods specified below. For Regular (First-Year) Application 24 Back to CONTENTS Required Documents Submission Method 1. Test Taker Score Report (A screenshot of your MyACT account page indicating your score information is acceptable) Upload items 1 and 2 as PDF files to OAS MyPage (Available for upload after application registration process is completed) 2. Proof indicating the date on which the electronic score delivery order was completed (e.g., confirmation email or screenshot of your MyACT account page indicating completion of the order) 3. (Electronic Delivery) Official Score Report Arrange for the testing organization to send the Official Score Report directly to the ICU Admissions Center via electronic score delivery using ICU institutional code: 5279.  FAQs: Standardized Test Scores (for Applicants) Q1. How important are SAT or ACT scores compared to other application documents? A. SAT or ACT scores are one of several evaluation components. Personal statement s, short essay, academic transcripts, letters of recommendation, and other required documents are equally important in the overall evaluation. Q2. Can I still apply without SAT or ACT scores even if they are required for my application track? A. If SAT or ACT scores are required based on your eligibility , application type, or educational background, applications without confirmed official scores will be considered incomplete and cannot be accepted. Q3. Which SAT or ACT score will ICU use if I have taken the test multiple times? A. ICU evaluates the highest scores from each section across test dates (Superscoring), provided that all scores meet the validity requirements stated in the Admissions Guide. Q4. Are ACT scores accepted only if they include the Science and Writing sections? Can missing sections be substituted with other tests? A. Only ACT scores that include both the Science and Writing sections are accepted. Deficiencies in these sections cannot be compensated for by combining other test results or credentials. ACT scores without the required sections are not valid for application purposes. Q5. I have valid SAT or ACT scores taken within the required period, but I forgot to arrange official score reporting by the application deadline. Will my application still be accepted if I arrange reporting after the deadline? A. No. Even if applicants have valid SAT or ACT scores taken within the required period, applications will be considered incomplete if official score reporting is not arranged and confirmed by the application deadline. Late score reporting cannot be accepted under any circumstances. While the minimum English Language Proficiency requirement is IEL TS 6.5 or TOEFL iBT 79 (taken before January 20, 2026) / 4.5 (taken on or after January 21, 2026), there are no such criteria for other standardized tests such as SAT , ACT , or IB. The figures shown below are average scores of applicants who were admitted in past admission cycles (2022-2026). They are provided for reference only and do not constitute minimum required scores. Average / Full Mark SAT Total Score 1,386 / 1,600 ACT Composite Score 30.4 / 36 IB Full Diploma 38.3 / 45 TOEFL iBT* 105 / 120 IEL TS 7.51 / 9.0 *For the 2026 admission cycle, the reported average TOEFL iBT score includes results converted from the new 6-point score scale introduced on or after January 21, 2026. Average Scores of Successful Applicants (2022-2026) For Regular (First-Year) Application 25 Back to CONTENTS HOW TO APPLY Preparation System Requirements [Operating Environment and Recommended Browser] Windows ･･････････････････････････････････････････ Firefox / Chrome / Edge mac OS ･･････････････････････････････････････････ Firefox / Chrome / Safari Latest versions of iOS ･･･････････････････････････ Firefox / Chrome / Safari Latest versions of Android ････････････････････････ Firefox / Chrome *If you are unable to browse or print a PDF file, save the file in your device, and use Adobe Acrobat Reader. [PDF Viewing and Printing Environment] Adobe Acrobat Reader *PDF viewers other than Adobe Acrobat Reader are not recommended. Email Address  A valid email address is required for user registration. Register an email address that is not likely to be changed or deleted until you enter ICU and that you easily check on a daily basis.  Authentication emails from the system and other notifications from ICU will be sent to this address. Check your email settings so that you can receive emails from the "@eraku-p.jp" domain. Make sure you do not miss any important announcements. Application Documents Start arranging documents well in advance. Create Your Account (MyPage) Click on the link below and follow the instructions there to create your account. → ICU Online Application System (OAS): https://www.eraku-p.jp/erp/icu-uads/ Complete the Online Application Form Fill out the required information in OAS once the application period starts. → Online Application Form (data entry to OAS) (p. 16) Upload your portrait photo Upload your portrait photo to OAS. Below are the requirements:  Must be taken within three months before you submit the application.  Must show only you (no group photo is acceptable) in a passport-quality.  Front view above chest level with a plain background  File size of the photograph should be 20MB or less.  Should be approximately 22 million pixels or less. (Vertical pixels x Horizontal pixels = Number of pixels in a photo)  The file formats that can be registered are JPEG (.jpg and .jpeg) or PNG (.png).  The height:width ratio should be 4:3.  Images that have not been manipulated (eyes, nose, facial contours, etc.) Pay the Application Fee 30,000 yen for the application fee plus 880 yen for the system operation charge. Both the application fee and system operation charge are non-refundable.  VISA, MasterCard, JCB, AMEX, and Diners cards are acceptable.  The name on the card does not have to be that of the applicant.  Upon the payment completion, you will receive a notification email through the system. step 1 step 2 step 3 step 4 step 5 For Regular (First-Year) Application 26 Back to CONTENTS Submit All Required Documents Documents to Be Uploaded by the School For Applicant: Register your school counselor and recommenders via the Online Application System (OAS) and send them a request for uploading the required documents (See items G to J). → How Applicants Request Counselors & Recommenders to Upload Documents (p.28) For Counselors/Recommenders: Please upload the required documents to the Submission Portal. To utilize the system, you must first create an account and inform the applicant of your account information (login ID and email address). Then, the applicant sends you an upload request through OAS. For more detailed instructions, please refer to the link below. → Instructions for Counselor & Recommenders: Uploading Requested Documents (p.29) If Counselors/Recommenders Have Technical Difficulties Using the Submission Portal: If the portal cannot be used, please refer to the link below: → Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) (p.30) . Documents to Be Uploaded by the Applicant For Applicant: Once you have completed the data entry and application fee payment, go back to MyPage, where you can upload the required documents (See items K and L). For IEL TS/TOEFL/SAT/ACT score reporting, simply uploading scores to OAS is not sufficient. An official score report must also be submitted as instructed. Preliminary Review of Submitted Documents After the application period has ended, ICU will carefully review all submitted documents. Please note that ICU is unable to respond to individual inquiries regarding confirmation of receipt of documents.  Reference to Detailed Procedures: Detailed information regarding this preliminary review process , including notifications and post-submission procedures, is provided on the following page (See page 27). Applicants must carefully review that section and follow the instructions accordingly.  Request for Clarification: ICU will contact the applicant or the school directly only if clarification is required during the preliminary review process.  Invalidation Due to Misconduct : If any misrepresentation , falsification, or other form of misconduct is identified in the application materials ― including, but not limited to , discrepancies in provided information or submission of photographs that do not meet the prescribed specifications (e.g., digitally altered images) ― the applicant's eligibility for further screening process and/or enrollment at ICU will be revoked. Notification of Application Number An application number will be issued after all required application documents have been formally accepted.  Reference to Detailed Information: Details regarding the issuance timing, confirmation method, and use of the application number are provided on the following page (See page 27).  Confirmation and Retention of Application Number : Applicants must confirm their application number on the OAS MyPage upon receiving notification and retain it securely for all subsequent procedures.  Non-Issuance of Application Number: Applicants whose applications are not accepted due to insufficient qualifications or document deficiencies will not be issued an application number. During the designated Application Period, applications can be submitted 24 hours a day. *As all dates and times are given in Japan Standard Time (JST). *Applicants residing outside Japan should pay careful attention to the time difference. All required procedures (Steps 1-6) must be completed by the designated deadline. *Applications that are incomplete by the deadline will not be considered, even if the application fee has been paid. step 6 Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 27 Back to CONTENTS 1. After Submission of All Required Application Materials Applicants should review the following points regarding post-submission procedures and notifications:  Preliminary Review of the Submitted Documents After Application Period Ends: After the application period has ended, ICU will review all submitted documents on a rolling basis (not immediately after each applicant completes submission). ICU does not respond to individual inquiries regarding confirmation of receipt.  Application Status on OAS MyPage: Preliminary review process and subsequent status updates on OAS MyPage may take time. Applicants must wait for notifications via OAS and refrain from making individual status inquiries.  Communications via OAS MyPage (Mainly through Online Inquire Form): If clarification is required during the preliminary review process, ICU will contact the applicant or their school individually with further instructions, which may include requests for additional documents or information. In most cases, such communications will be conducted via Online Inquiry Form on OAS or the Submission Portal. *Applicants must regularly check OAS MyPage, including messages sent via the Online Inquiry Form. If necessary, the University may correct or update application data in OAS on the applicant's behalf.  Formal Confirmation of Document Acceptance: Once all required documents have been reviewed and no deficiencies remain, the document status on OAS MyPage will be updated to "Received and Confirmed. "  Issuance of Application Number: An application number will be issued only after all required application documents have been formally accepted. It is usually assigned a few weeks after the application period ends and must be confirmed on OAS MyPage. The application number is required for subsequent procedures and must be securely retained. *Applicants whose applications are not accepted due to insufficient qualifications or unresolved document deficiencies will not receive an application number.  Changes to Contact Information and Inquiries Any changes to contact information and all inquiries regarding the application must be communicated promptly via Online Inquiry Form.  Process Overview (for Applicants) For Regular (First-Year) Application 28 Back to CONTENTS 2. How Applicants Request Counselors & Recommenders to Upload Documents For Applicants:  As specified on pages 17 to 20, some application documents must be submitted directly by your school.  Applicants must follow the step-by-step instructions below and ensure that their counselor and recommenders upload the required documents to the Submission Portal by the designated deadline (see page 14).  Documents may be uploaded in advance (even before the application period starts) but must be received by the designated deadline. Late submissions will not be accepted for any reason. ◼ Process Overview (for Applicants): Step 1. Create Your Account (OAS MyPage) (1) Access the Online Application System (OAS) at https://www.eraku-p.jp/erp/icu-uads/ (2) Create your account (OAS MyPage). *Keep your Login ID for records, as it will be used throughout the application process. Step 2. Ask Your Counselor or Recommender to Create an Account (1) Ask each counselor or recommender to create an account on the Submission Portal at https://www.eraku-p.jp/erp/icu-uads/Lor/Index (2) After creating an account, the counselor or recommender will inform you of:  their Login ID; and  their registered email address (3) Receive the counselor or recommender's Login ID and registered email address. Step 3. Request Your Counselor or Recommender to Upload Files (1) Access OAS MyPage and register the counselor or recommender's Login ID and email address in one of the following applicable slots:  Counselor  Recommender 1  Recommender 2 *If you request one of the two letters of recommendation from your high school counselor―together with other required school documents―you may leave the Recommender 2 section blank (unused). (2) Select the name of documents that you wish the counselor or recommender to upload, then click "Send Request." (3) Upon receiving the request, the counselor or recommender will:  access the Submission Portal; and  upload the requested documents. Step 4. Check Document Submission Status For each Counselor/Recommender slot on MyPage, the status will be displayed as follows: Incomplete  After a request is sent but before any document is uploaded. Uploaded  Displayed once the counselor or recommender uploads at least one file. Received and Confirmed  Displayed after the application period ends and ICU has confirmed that there are no missing items and no additional matters requiring further clarification regarding the documents uploaded under the applicable slot. *It takes time for the status to be updated to "Received and Confirmed" for each slot. For Regular (First-Year) Application 29 Back to CONTENTS 3. Instructions for Counselors & Recommenders: Uploading Requested Documents For Counselors / Recommender:  To use the Submission Portal, counselors and recommenders must create an account in advance and inform the applicant of their login details (Login ID and registered email address)  After receiving an upload request from the applicant via the Online Application System (OAS), counselors and recommenders are able to upload the requested document(s) to the Submission Portal.  Counselors and recommenders must follow the instructions described below and ensure that all required documents are submitted by the designated deadline (see page 14).  Documents may be uploaded in advance (even before the application period starts) but must be received by the designated deadline. Late submissions will not be accepted for any reason. Detailed requirements regarding the requested documents can be found on pages 17 to 20 of this guide. → Documents To Be Uploaded by the School (pp.17-20) ◼ Process Overview (for Counselors and Recommenders): Step 1. Create an Account on Submission Portal (1) Access the Submission Portal using the link below and create an account: https://www.eraku-p.jp/erp/icu-uads/Lor/ (2) Inform the applicant of your Login ID and registered email address. *If you receive requests from multiple applicants, please provide the same account information to each applicant. The applicant will register your Login ID and email address on OAS and send a document upload request. (3) Upon receiving "Document Upload Request" notification, access the Submission Portal to view the request. Step 2. Input the Required Information (1) Select the applicant in the list for whom you will upload the requested documents. (2) Click the "Input" button and enter the required information in support of the applicant. (3) Save the information and return to MyPage, then click the "Upload" button for the applicant. Step 3. Upload the Requested Documents (1) Select the appropriate document type and choose the file to upload. (2) Enter any required special remarks (if applicable), and then click the "Upload" button (3) Repeat the above (1) to (2) process until all requested documents have been uploaded. (4) Once all required documents have been uploaded, click the "Submit" button to complete the submission. ⚠ Additional Confirmation (if applicable):  Upon submission of the required documents, ICU will review them carefully. If clarification is required regarding the submitted documents, you may be contacted separately with instructions for additional actions, including further document uploads if necessary.  To ensure smooth communication, please continue to check notification messages from the Submission Portal on a regular basis. Use of an Official School Domain Email Address Counselors and recommenders must register their official school domain email address for the Submission Portal. If a personal email address such as Gmail, Yahoo, or similar is used, ICU will request verification by their affiliated institution. Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 30 Back to CONTENTS 4. Alternative Submission Procedures (If Portal Submission is Not Possible) If Counselors or Recommenders are unable to use the Submission Portal due to technical difficulties… If technical issues prevent portal submission, documents may be accepted via email attachment using an official school domain email address, or by postal mail. The following conditions apply:  Letters of recommendation submitted outside the Portal: Must be accompanied by a completed Information Sheet (Coversheet for a Letter of Recommendation) (ICU-designated form).  Email submission (only from an official school domain email address): Documents must be sent to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp from an official school domain email account. If a personal email account is used, ICU will request identity confirmation from the sender's institution.  Postal submission: Confidential documents (e.g., letters of recommendation, ICU School Reports) must be placed in a sealed envelope signed or stamped across the flap by a school official and sent to the address below. <In English> Admissions Center, International Christian University 3-10-2 Osawa, Mitaka-shi Tokyo 181-8585, JAPAN Tel: +81-422-33-3700 <In Japanese> 〒181-8585 東京都三鷹市大沢 3-10-2 国際基督教大学アドミッションズ・センター Tel: 0422-33-3700  Submission Before the Application Period Opens: Documents may be submitted by email or by postal mail before the application period opens, if necessary. However, such submissions will be held and processed only after the applicant's online application is officially registered. *For academic records (e.g., official transcripts or term reports): If a more recent or final version becomes available after submission, please be sure to resubmit the updated document.  Documents Arriving After the Application Deadline: Documents arriving after the application deadline will not be accepted, regardless of the submission method or date sent. Timing and Deadline Requirements for Document Submission For Regular (First-Year) Application 31 Back to CONTENTS ONLINE INTERVIEW (Only for Type B) [Required only for Type B. Type A applicants may skip this section.]  Type B applicants must complete an online interview in addition to the documentary screening.  Interviews are conducted remotely via Zoom; therefore, no on-campus visit is required.  A mandatory connection test will be conducted on a separate date prior to the interview.  Detailed instructions, including schedules and access information, will be provided through the Online Application System (OAS).  FAQs: Connection Test / Online Interview (for Applicants) Q1. Is a connection test required before the online interview? A. Yes. A mandatory connection test will be conducted on a separate date prior to the online interview. Q2. What happens if I do not participate in the connection test? A. Applicants who do not participate in the connection test at the specified date and time without prior consultation will be regarded as having withdrawn from the online interview. Q3. When will I be notified of the start time and access details for the connection test / online interview? A. The information will be provided through the Online Application System (OAS) on the designated dates and times (Japan Standard Time). Please refer to the following section for details. Q4. How long should I expect the connection test and the online interview to take? A. Connection Test・・・About 5 minutes (allow up to 30 minutes including waiting time). Online Interview・・・Approximately 1 hour, including waiting time. 1. Mandatory Connection Test  Important information, such as meeting time, meeting ID, and passcode, will be provided via OAS.  Upon receiving notification, applicants must log in to OAS MyPage and confirm the "Zoom Invitation" details. Entry Notification via OAS Connection Test Date Details April 2027 Entry 11:30 a.m. (JST) on November 13, 2026 Designated Time on November 16, 2026 Meeting time, Zoom ID, and passcode September 2027 Entry 11:30 a.m. (JST) on March 26, 2027 Designated Time on March 29, 2027 Meeting time, Zoom ID, and passcode *Applicants who do not receive the notification by 1:00 p.m. (JST) must contact the ICU Admissions Center immediately.  On the day of the connection test, applicants must follow the following instructions: Item Instruction Joining Time Enter the Zoom waiting room 10 minutes before the scheduled start time. Procedure When it is your turn, ICU staff will admit you to the meeting and check your connection status (audio, video, and internet connection, etc.) to ensure that your equipment and internet connections function properly under the same conditions as your interview. Test Duration About 5 minutes (allow up to 30 minutes including waiting time). *Important Notes: - Applicants must print and present the "Online Interview Voucher" (downloadable from OAS MyPage) for identification when joining both the connection test and the online interview. - Applicants must use the same device and environment as for the online interview (device, audio settings, room, etc.) For further details, see 3. Tips for Getting Ready for the Zoom Meetings (pp.32-33). - When entering Zoom, applicants must set their display name as follows: Application Number + space + FAMILY NAME, Given Name, Middle Name (if applicable) (e.g., U9999 KOKUSAI, Motoko Christian) Please keep yourself available on both the connection test and the online interview date. As a general rule, individual schedule adjustments will not be accepted. Applicants are solely responsible for preparing the required communication devices and ensuring a stable internet connection as specified. Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 32 Back to CONTENTS 2. Online Interview  Important information, such as meeting time, meeting ID, and passcode, will be provided via OAS.  Upon receiving notification, applicants must log in to OAS MyPage and confirm the "Zoom Invitation" details. Entry Notification via OAS Interview Date Details April 2027 Entry 10:00 a.m. (JST) on November 20, 2026 Designated Time on November 21, 2026 Meeting time, Zoom ID, and passcode September 2027 Entry 10:00 a.m. (JST) on April 1, 2027 Designated Time on April 2, 2027 Meeting time, Zoom ID, and passcode *Applicants who do not receive the notification by 1:00 p.m. (JST) must contact the ICU Admissions Center immediately.  On the day of the online interview, applicants must follow the following instructions: Item Instruction Joining Time Enter the Zoom waiting room 10 minutes before the scheduled start time. Procedure When it is your turn, your interviewer will admit you to the meeting and then start the online interview. *If technical problems occur, the interview may be rescheduled later the same day. Interview Duration Approximately 1 hour, including waiting time 3. Tips for Getting Ready for the Zoom Meetings Prior to the Connection Test In preparation for the connection test, applicants should review the following: Category What to Prepare / Confirm Details / Notes Agreement / Rules  Read and agree to "Conditions for Online Interview" (p.43) Consent is required as part of the online application process (tick the box when submitting the form). Device  Prepare an appropriate device Internet-connected device with a webcam facing you. Laptop or desktop computer recommended (tablet/smartphone allowed). Software (Zoom)  Install the Zoom app Download from the linked Zoom site below: https://icu.zoom.us/en/download  Select the correct Zoom version Mac/Windows: "Zoom Workplace for Windows" iPad/Android: "Zoom Workplace for Mobile" or "ZOOM Cloud Meetings"  Zoom account / license No Zoom account or paid license is required.  Check system requirements Refer to Zoom system requirements page (click here). Network  Confirm internet connection Stable internet connection with an appropriate uplink speed (faster than 10 Mbps) is required. Environment  Prepare interview environment Quiet, private room with no interruptions. Use of headset or earphones is recommended. Identification  Prepare Online Interview Voucher Download and print it in advance for identity verification. Schedule  Interview schedule policy As a general rule, individual schedule changes will not be accepted. For Regular (First-Year) Application 33 Back to CONTENTS On the Day of the Online Interview  Room and Equipment Setup: i. Sit at a desk with your computer placed in front of you and the webcam facing you. ii. Do not wear a mask or use a virtual or blurred background. iii. Choose a quiet, well-lit location. Your face must not be backlit. iv. Ensure that outside noise will not disturb the interview. v. Keep your device plugged in or fully charged to avoid power interruption. vi. During the interview, only the following items may be on your desk or around the computer: - Online Interview Voucher - Mobile phone / smartphone  Online Interview Voucher: You will be asked to show your Online Interview Voucher to the interviewer before the interview begins.  Mobile Phone: You must be reachable on the phone number registered in OAS until immediately before the interview. Once the interview starts, you will be asked to turn off the phone and put it away. *This does not apply if you are using your smartphone to join the Zoom meeting  Joining the Zoom Meeting: i. Enter the Zoom waiting room 10 minutes before your scheduled interview start time ii. Click on the "Join a Meeting" button and enter your Meeting ID and Display name. *Zoom Display Name Format: Application Number + space + FAMILY NAME, Given Name, Middle Name (if applicable) (e.g., U9999 KOKUSAI, Motoko Christian) iii. Enter the Meeting Passcode. iv. A screen showing your camera status will appear. Then, click the "Join" button. For Regular (First-Year) Application 34 Back to CONTENTS v. Wait in the waiting room until the interviewer admits you. vi. Confirm that both audio and video are turned ON. *A red slash indicates OFF. Click "Unmute" and "Start Video" to turn them ON.  During and After the Interview: i. Present your Online Interview Voucher when requested. The interview will start after verification. ii. If you cannot hear the questions clearly, inform the interviewer immediately. iii. After the interview ends, leave the Zoom meeting promptly by clicking "Leave Meeting". REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION FOR APPLICANTS WITH DISABILITIES  In accordance with ICU's Basic Policy on Support for Students with Disabilities , ICU provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities (including visual, hearing, physical, chronic health -related, developmental, and other disabilities) in its admission process.  ICU follows, in principle, the standards set forth in "Guidelines for Reasonable Accommodations for the Common Test for University Admissions" when determining appropriate measures for applicants who request reasonable accommodations.  Applicants who wish to request reasonable accommodation during the admission process must submit a request prior to admission application, following the procedures described below. Requests will be reviewed on an individual basis, and appropriate accommodation will be determined according to the type and degree of disability.  Where required, ICU may consult with the applicant regarding methods of course registration, curriculum participation, and involvement in various academic programs after enrollment. Procedures: Applicants requesting reasonable accommodation must complete the following steps prior to applying to ICU. i. Confirm their application eligibility and clearly identify the applicable admissions category (Type A or Type B). ii. Contact admissions-center@icu.ac.jp to consult regarding requested accommodation. The email must include the information listed below, and a copy of a medical certificate (doctor's diagnosis) must be attached.  Intended year and month of enrollment (April or September)  Name and description of the disability  Applicable admissions category (Type A or Type B) and accommodations requested for the admissions process  Accommodation previously received in school classes, examinations, or entrance examinations  Accommodation desired after enrollment, if any *Requests will be reviewed individually, and reasonable accommodation will be determined according to the nature and/or degree of the disability. Deadline: For April 2027 entry September 25, 2026 For September 2027 entry November 13, 2026 For Regular (First-Year) Application 35 Back to CONTENTS NOTIFICATION OF DECISIONS Admission decisions will be notified through the Online Application System (OAS) at 11:00 a.m. JST on the designated date (see Application Schedule on page 14). ICU will not respond to any inquiries about the admission decisions by phone or other means. *An additional online interview may be required at the discretion of the University: Details, including an invitation to Zoom meeting, will be provided at the time of notification. WHEN YOU ARE ADMITTED Click "Download important documents from here" on MyPage and download the items listed below: Once admitted, successful applicants must confirm their official documents immediately by clicking on the "Download important documents from here" button on their OAS MyPage. *It is strongly advised to save copies of all documents, as they will become inaccessible after the entrance procedure deadline.  Notification of Acceptance  Scholarship Award Letter (if applicable)  Important Notice of Entrance Procedures *Important Note: Admissions cannot be deferred to a later term or year. 1. Entrance Procedures Admitted applicants must complete entrance procedures, including payment of academic fees, by the deadline below. Detailed instructions will be provided in the online entrance procedure system ( ICU Gateway). For April 2027 entry February 1, 2027 For September 2027 entry June 1, 2027 *Failure to complete the entrance procedures, including submission and payment, by the deadline will be regarded as declining the offer of admission. For detailed instructions, please refer to the online entrance procedure system (ICU Gateway). 2. Academic Fees Payment Admitted applicants must follow the instructions provided in the online entrance procedure system (ICU Gateway) and complete payment of the required academic fees by the designated deadline below: Matriculation fee ¥300,000 Tuition (for the first term) ¥401,000 Facilities fee (for the first term) ¥118,000 Total: ¥819,000 ◼ Payment Deadlines: Matriculation Fee Tuition & Facilities Fee For April 2027 entry February 1, 2027 For September 2027 entry June 1, 2027 August 10, 2027 ⚠ IMPORTANT NOTES:  The matriculation fee is required to secure admission and is non-refundable.  Annual payment of tuition and facilities fees is not permitted.  Tuition and facilities fees paid in the entrance procedures will be applied to the first term only.  Fees for subsequent terms are due at the beginning of each term.  For estimated annual expenses, refer to the "Expenses" section on page 39. → You must obtain a valid status of residence in Japan so as to enroll in ICU. Since the required visa application deadline comes earlier than the above entrance procedure deadline, check "Procedures Necessary for Entering Japan" (pp.37-38) and understand the required steps beforehand. For applicants who do not hold Japanese nationality… For Regular (First-Year) Application 36 Back to CONTENTS 3. Required Documents to Be Submitted to ICU Admissions Center  The documents listed below must be submitted to ICU Admissions Center by the specified deadlines as part of the post-admissions procedures.  Failure to submit the required documents by the deadlines will result in cancellation of admission offer, regardless of the completion of other entrance procedures, including payment of academic fees. Original or Certified True Copies of Self-Uploaded Documents Who this applies to: Applicants who, during the application process, uploaded any of the following to OAS on behalf of their school:  G) Required Documents by Educational System  H) Official Transcript These applicants are required to submit the original or certified true copies of those documents. Submission Method: Submit using one of the following methods, depending on the document format:  Paper originals: Send by courier service or registered mail.  Digital originals: The issuing school must email them directly to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp. Deadline: By the entrance procedure deadline for the intended entry term For April 2027 entry February 1, 2027 For September 2027 entry June 1, 2027 Notes: - If the school (high school or senior secondary school ) has already s ent the required documents directly to ICU Admissions Center during the application process, resubmission is not required. - Digital submissions are accepted only when sent directly from an official school domain email address. - Submissions from personal email accounts (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo) will not be accepted. - Printed copies of digital documents submitted by applicants themselves will not be accepted as certified true copies, even if the original documents were officially issued in digital form. 3-2 Graduation Certificate and Other Documents Deferred Until After Graduation Who this applies to: Applicants whose submission of the required documents was deferred until after graduation.  G) Required Documents by Educational System These applicants are required to submit the original or certified true copies of the required final documents. These documents must confirm that the applicant  Has completed senior secondary education; and  Meets the qualifications required for university entrance under the given educational system. *For details, refer to Admissions Requirements by Educational System" (pp.6-11) Deadline: By the matriculation date for the intended entry term For April 2027 entry April 1, 2027 For September 2027 entry September 1, 2027 Example: IB Diploma and UK GCE A Level (Applications Based on Predicted Grades)  IB Diploma or UK GCE A Level candidates must submit final results immediately once they are available.  Meeting the required qualification is a prerequisite of admission. - IB Diploma: Arrange for final results sent to ICU Admissions Center via the IB Information System. - UK GCE A Level: Request the school to email final results (certificate/statement of results) directly from an official school domain address to admissions-center@icu.ac.jp.  Failure to submit final results or to meet the required qualification will result in cancellation of admission. Admission will be cancelled under any of the following circumstances: (regardless of the completion of other entrance procedures, including payment of academic fees)  Required documents are not received by ICU Admissions Center by the prescribed deadline.  The original or certified true copies differ from the versions uploaded to OAS.  The required qualifications are not met based on the final submitted documents. (e.g., failure to meet minimum course requirements or final exam results under the applicable educational system) Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 37 Back to CONTENTS 4. Procedures Necessary for Entering Japan Admitted applicants who hold a foreign nationality and are currently residing outside of Japan must follow the required visa application procedures to obtain a "Student" visa for entering Japan. Student Visa Prospective non-Japanese students are required to have a "Student (Ryūgaku)" visa.  Detailed instructions on how to promptly obtain a "Student" visa will be provided to admitted applicants directly by email from the Support Gyoseishoshi Corporation ICU Team, which is commissioned by the University, after the admission results are notified.  As an essential part of the procedures to obtain a "Student" visa, the Support Gyoseishoshi Corporation, on behalf of students, initiates the visa application by applying to the Japanese government for the official document, "Certificate of Eligibility (CoE) for Status of Residence (Zairyū Shikaku Nintei Shōmeisho). " *It takes a significant amount of time (one to three months depending on the circumstances, according to the recent immigration reports) for the CoE to be issued by the immigration bureau.  Once the CoE is issued and sent electronically to the Support Gyoseishoshi Corporation, it will be forwarded to the admitted applicants. Applicants should then apply for a "Student" visa at the nearest Japanese Embassy or Consulate by presenting the CoE. The "Student" visa is usually issued a few days after the application.  Deadlines for the CoE application will be communicated in the instructions provided by the Support Gyoseishoshi Corporation ICU Team. The timelines below are for general reference only. For April 2027 entry Early December 2026 For September 2027 entry Early May 2027 *Deadlines for such CoE applications are set separately from, and much earlier than, other entrance procedures.  These deadlines fall shortly after the notification of admissions decisions. As some required documents may take several weeks to obtain, applicants are strongly advised to prepare the following documents well in advance. Passport Prospective students from abroad should obtain the information necessary for applying for a passport from the appropriate government office in their home country. Passports are issued for a designated period of time, which varies by country, and each passport has a specific expiration date. *Passports must remain valid at all times during residence in Japan. Applicants are required to possess a valid passport by the time of application to ICU. Reference Documents for Financial Resources  When applying for a "Student" visa, applicants must provide the Japanese Government with proof of sufficient financial resources to cover all expected living expenses (excluding T uition or Facilities fee) during study at ICU. *Applicants are required to provide ICU with concrete proof of available financial resources. This is a particularly important factor in the Ministry of Justice's examination of financial capacity for the issuance of a Certificate of Eligibility (CoE).  The specific required minimum amount will be announced at the time of the admission result notification. As a general reference, applicants should be able to demonstrate funds exceeding 1,560,000 JPY (130,000 JPY × 12 months). *The information provided on page 39 will also help applicants estimate annual costs. (continued to the next page) For Foreign Nationals Residing Outside of Japan:  You must have or obtain valid status of residence in Japan to enroll in ICU.  Even if you complete the required entrance procedures after receiving the "Notification of Acceptance" from ICU, if you fail to obtain valid status of residence in Japan, you will not be allowed to enroll in ICU.  Even if ICU applies to the Immigration Services Agency of Japan for the Certificate of Eligibility (CoE) on your behalf, ICU assumes no responsibility for the results of the CoE application. Attention For Regular (First-Year) Application 38 Back to CONTENTS  Financial supporting documents must be provided in one of the following forms: a. Bank Certificate Deposit Balance An official certificate issued by a bank (e.g., a PDF downloaded from online banking). The certificate must clearly include: - the bank's official letterhead (bank name, logo, and address or contact information), - the account holder's name (applicant or financial sponsor), - the account balance demonstrating sufficient funds, - the currency type (e.g., JPY, USD) - the date of issue (must be issued within three months prior to submission). *Bank stamps or handwritten signatures are not required. b. Official Scholarship or Grant Document If you are receiving funding from a government or organization, submit an official document issued by that organization. The document must clearly state: - the funding period - the scholarship or grant amount (in JPY or USD). *NOTE: Documents that Cannot Be Accepted (Examples) - Screenshots of online banking pages or mobile app displays - Data files without an official bank letterhead (logo and contact information) - ATM receipts - Tax certificates - Income tax payment certificates - Proof of income documents For Regular (First-Year) Application 39 Back to CONTENTS EXPENSES The following information is provided as a general reference to help applicants estimate the cost of studying at ICU for one academic year. Actual expenses will vary depending on individual circumstances. A) Academic Fees AY2027-2028 Academic Fees must be paid in Japanese Yen. Matriculation fee (first year only) ¥300,000 Tuition (¥401,000 per term) ¥1,203,000 Facilities Fee (¥118,000 per term) ¥354,000 Annual Total: ¥1,857,000 B) Estimated Living Cost Living expenses vary significantly depending on housing type and lifestyle. On-Campus Housing (Total cost for the first year excl. summer recess) approx. ¥318,000 - ¥688,500 for ten months (Fees vary depending on the dormitory) Off-Campus Housing approx. ¥45,000 - ¥85,000 / month (Cost varies according to the type of housing) Daily Expenses (Food, transportation, etc.) For general reference, please consult the following external resource: https://www.studyinjapan.go.jp/en/life/cost-of-living/ C) Insurance Mandatory for all moving from overseas  National Health Insurance Premiums are c alculated based on the previous year 's income (including part-time jobs). https://www.studyinjapan.go.jp/en/life/insurance/ Optional  Comprehensive Insurance for Students Lives Coupled with PAS* for International Students (accidental injury & liability insurance) See ICU Service Website *PAS: Personal Accident Insurance for Students Pursuing Education and Research (学生教育研究災害傷害保険：Gakusei Kyoiku Kenkyu Saigai Shogai Hoken) Note: In Tokyo, students who ride a bicycle are required to enroll in liability insurance covering third-party damages.  Matriculation fees are fixed annually and take effect in the following year.  Tuition and facilities fees are fixed annually for the academic year and take effect four years later.  The following fees are applicable to students entering the class of 2027. Matriculation Fee ¥300,000  Academic Year Tuition Facilities fee 2027-2028 ¥1,203,000 ¥354,000 2028-2029 ¥1,224,000 ¥354,000 2029-2030 ¥1,245,000 ¥354,000 2030-2031 To be announced For more information, refer to the following web link: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/tuition/ Academic Fees for Years 2027-2030 For Regular (First-Year) Application 40 Back to CONTENTS FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOLARSHIPS  Financing a college education is a major consideration for most students and families. Financing a year or more of study abroad entails an even greater degree of planning in order to ensure that funds have been secured, and that they will be transferred in a timely fashion.  Since payment of matriculation fees, tuition, and all living expenses are the student's responsibility, applicants are therefore expected to take into account all of the financial aspects of their study in Japan. See page 39 for general reference.  ICU has broad categories of financial aid and scholarships: A) Financial support that students can apply for with the admissions application to ICU B) Financial support that students can apply for after enrollment at ICU  Listed below are the various financial aid and scholarship possibilities: A) Financial support that students can apply for with the admission application: Individuals wishing to come to ICU who have achieved outstanding academic results in their secondary education and who have need of financial assistance in order to attend ICU are invited to apply for the following scholarships: ICU Peace Bell Scholarship Eligibility: Students applying to ICU as their first-choice university as First Year "Regular" Students who can demonstrate excellent personal character and high academic promise, and also financial need. Award amount: Matriculation Fee, On-Campus Dormitory Entrance Fee, annual Tuition and Facilities Fee, and annual On-Campus Dormitory Fees (excluding July and August) for the four years in principle within the minimum period of enrollment at ICU. Deadline: Application for ICU Peace Bell Scholarship must be submitted by the Application Period Deadline for the admissions process. ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship Eligibility: Students applying to ICU as their first-choice university as First Year "Regular" or Second Year "Transfer" Students who possess high academic promise and demonstrate financial need. Award amount: Matriculation Fee, as well as Tuition and Facilities Fee for the first term each year for the four years in principle within the minimum period of enrollment at ICU. Deadline: Application for ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship must be submitted by the Application Period Deadline for the admissions process. ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship <Global Citizenship Quota> (Only for Applicants for September Entry) Eligibility: (1) Students applying to ICU as their first -choice university as First Year "Regular" or Second Year "Transfer" Students who possess high academic promise and demonstrate financial need. (2) Students who apply for the September Entry. (3) Students who will be staying in Japan with the resident status of "Student" Award amount: Matriculation Fee, as well as Tuition and Facilities Fee for the first and second term each year for the four years in principle within the minimum period of enrollment at ICU. Deadline: Application for ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship -Global Citizenship quota must be submitted by the Application Period Deadline for the admissions process for the September entry. For Regular (First-Year) Application 41 Back to CONTENTS University of Tomorrow Scholarship <LDCs Quota> (Only for applicants for the 2nd application period of the September Entry) Eligibility: Applicant must meet all conditions listed below: (1) Be a student whose nationality is one of the countries classified as 'Least Developed Countries' by the United Nations (2) Have graduated or be expected to graduate from high school/secondary educational school (excluding international school) in one of the countries classified as 'Least Developed Countries' by the United Nations (3) Show excellent academic performance and be a role model in the communities to which they belong (4) Be evaluated by ICU as an outstanding student in the process of English Language Based Admissions September Entry (2nd application period) (5) Be a student who wishes to enter the College of Liberal Arts, ICU as their first-choice college to seek an undergraduate degree (6) Be a student who will be staying in Japan with the resident status of "Student" Award amount: Matriculation Fees, annual Tuition and Facilities Fees, On-Campus Dormitory Entrance Fee, and annual On-Campus Dormitory Fees (including July and August) will be exempted for four years in principle within the minimum period of enrollment at ICU. A monthly stipend of JPY110,000 will be paid. Deadline: Application for University of Tomorrow Scholarship must be submitted by the Application Period Deadline for the admissions process. Note that the University of Tomorrow Scholarship-LDCs Quota is for the applicants for the second application period for the September Entry only. More details can be found at https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/finance/ B) Financial support that students can apply after enrollment at ICU: Support from ICU ICU Scholarship for International Students: After matriculation, international students with high academic promise/achievement and serious financial need may apply for the ICU Scholarship for International Students. Application and screening procedures are carried out every year. Check your eligibility with the Student Affairs Group. ICU Torch Relay Scholarship for Current Students: A limited number of students are granted tuition waiver s through selection based on academic performance and financial need. There is one application round annually, and the scholarship is valid for one year. ICU New Long-Term Loan: The University stands as guarantor for students borrowing up to the amount of annual tuition from designated Japanese financial institutions. This loan is for Japanese Nationals and foreign residents who possess permanent resident status. For more information or questions on ICU Student Financial Aid, contact the Student Affairs Group. Support from Other Organizations Aside from financial aid and scholarships provided by ICU, there are public organizations and private foundations in Japan which offer financial aid to students. Some may accept scholarship applications before matriculation. For more information, check the website below: Japan Student Services Organization's (JASSO) (Primarily for Japanese nationals) https://www.jasso.go.jp/shogakukin/index.html *Any inquiries about the information found on the above website must be sent directly to the relevant organization. Based in New York City, the Japan ICU Foundation (JICUF) works with ICU to nurture global citizens who contribute to the well-being of humanity. Currently, JICUF offers the Japan Education Pathways scholarship for refugee students and the Nelson Ranch Scholarship for Christian students with US citizenship to attend ICU. For full eligibility requirements for this scholarship, visit www.jicuf.org. Feel free to contact JICUF directly at information@jicuf.org, and follow them on Facebook and Instagram. The Japan ICU Foundation For Regular (First-Year) Application 42 Back to CONTENTS ACCOMMODATION Students who have been accepted to ICU may apply for on-campus dormitories through the Housing Office. Off-campus housing is handled by ICU Service Co., Ltd., while students interested in homestays should contact the provider directly. For more information, please refer to the Campus Life & Career section of the ICU website: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/campuslife/ A) On-Campus Dormitories  Students interested in applying to ICU dormitories should read the website carefully in order to understand the uniqueness of each dormitory.  Detailed information about on-campus dormitories can be found at the following website: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/campuslife/dormitories/index.html < Capacity and Fees (AY2026) > In JPY Dormitory Sex Capacity Occupancy per room Entrance Fee*3 Dormitory Fees (per month)*4 Canada House Male 34 1 or 2*1 62,000 36,450 Third Women's Female 40 2 25,600 Fourth Women's Female 32 2 32,600 Global House Male & Female 64 1 62,650 Zelkova House 126 2 54,750 Ginkgo House 126 2 54,750 Oak House 126 2 54,750 Maple House 128 2 52,850 1*2 Momi House 160 2 52,850 1*2 NOTE: The fees shown in the table are subject to change. *1 Single rooms in Canada House are basically for juniors and seniors. *2 Single rooms in Maple House and Momi House are basically for seniors. *3 An entrance fee of 62,000 yen is required when entering the dormitory, besides monthly dormitory fees. *4 Dormitory fees must be paid each term in one payment. This includes fees for rental bedding, utilities, and internet access. B) Homestay  Living with a Japanese family will enable you to experience Japanese culture, daily life and also to practice your Japanese language. Information can be found at the website below: https://homestay-in-japan.com/guest/en/univ/ C) Off-Campus Housing  ICU delegates the introduction of off-campus housing such as apartments, student dormitories, student apartment houses (other than homestays), and share houses to ICU Service Co., Ltd.  Prospective students interested in applying for off-campus housing are required to submit a request through the "Request Form" available on the ICU Service website. Partner agents will subsequently provide relevant housing information. *ICU Service., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICU. When contacting partner real estate agents directly, prospective students must identify themselves as future ICU students in order to receive benefits available to ICU students. For Regular (First-Year) Application 43 Back to CONTENTS APPENDIX: CONDITIONS FOR ONLINE INTERVIEW All applicants who are supposed to have an online interview in the English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) should understand, and must comply with, the terms and conditions below. 1. Applicants breach the examination regulations if any of the application documents or information presented to ICU are forged, falsified, or plagiarized. 2. The following acts can be regarded as misconduct: A) Having someone else present during the online interview. The same applies in cases where it is deemed that communication with the outside world has been made, using information and communication devices, to obtain the cooperation of a third party. B) Filming, recording, and transcribing the online interview, as well as communicating and distributing interview content to third parties. C) Inputting information on a computer device, taking handwritten notes, and operating devices other than those directly used for online interviews. D) Having unnecessary items other than the Online Interview Voucher and a mobile/smart phone (for emergency use only) on the desk or around the applicant, as well as operating unauthorized applications other than Zoom on the device(s). E) Using communication device(s) other than the one specified for the online interview with the exception of when a communication failure occurs. 3. When an applicant commits fraudulence, ICU can implement the following measures. A) All of the applicant's applications for that admission year will be declared invalid. (There will be no refund of the application fee or the system operation charge). B) All of the applicant's admission results for that admission year will be declared invalid. 4. The interviewer may ask the applicant to: A) Identify themselves. B) Use the built-in webcam on the computer device (or tablet, smartphone, etc.) to show the view of the whole room so the interviewer can confirm that the applicant is alone in the room and has no unauthorized item on the desk or around the applicant other than the Online Interview Voucher and a mobile/smart phone (for emergency use only). C) Share the screen so the interviewer can confirm that no unauthorized applications other than Zoom are open on your device. 5. ICU will record the online interview, but all the data will be deleted after a certain period. 6. In the following cases, ICU may switch to using a telephone or postpone the online interview. ICU is not responsible for the inconvenience, extra fees, or other costs that arise from this change. A) If the online interview cannot be conducted or continued due to technical difficulties with the device or communication failure. B) When accidents or other incidents happen for unavoidable reasons. 7. The applicants must contact ICU promptly when the above 6.-A) or 6.-B) situation arises. Otherwise, ICU cannot confirm the applicant's intention to take the online interview using alternative devices, and therefore, the applicant may be disadvantaged in the evaluation. This may apply to applicants who, for whatever reason, do not enter the Zoom waiting room at the designated time (notified in Japan Standard Time) or who miss the online interview without prior notification to ICU. Please read the above "Conditions for Online Interview" carefully. As part of the online application process, applicants will be required to enter their consent to these conditions by ticking the box to show their agreement when submitting the online application form. Attention Giving to ICU Donations to the Education and Research Fund contribute directly to the improvement of student education and the research environment. Information on how to make a gift to ICU will be sent to students' guarantors after matriculation. Contacts Admissions Center International Christian University 3-10-2, Osawa, Mitaka-shi, Tokyo 181-8585, JAPAN <In Japanese> 〒181-8585 東京都三鷹市大沢 3-10-2 国際基督教大学アドミッションズ・センター Tel: 0422-33-3700 (from abroad, +81-422-33-3700) Fax: 0422-33-3635 (from abroad, +81-422-33-3635) Email: admissions-center@icu.ac.jp Web: https://www.icu.ac.jp/en/admissions/undergraduate/engdoc/