ABOUT ABOUT INTRODUCTION Fast Fact INTRODUCTION ICUniqueness ICU PLANET Why ICU？ ICU in Numbers Stories: Students, Faculty, Alumni the Core of ICU Global ICU Mission,Vision & History Commitments & History Vision, Pledge and Policies Campus Facilities and Campus Map Directions to ICU Campus Photos- Four seasons of ICU - Information President Office and News Organization Grant Research Academic Calendar Disclosure University Logo / The ICU Song Public Relations Press releases Note to Journalists / Reporters University Ranking Brochures The ICU Hachiro ICU Official Social Media Account Faculty Publications and Articles University Open to Public Community Outreach/Social Engagement University/Community Partners of ICU ICU-Senior High School Collaboration Project Experience ICU classes on the web (Open Course Ware) Global ICU "Troyer Memorial Arts and Sciences Hall" Why ICU...？ ACADEMICS ACADEMICS INTRODUCTION Fast Fact INTRODUCTION Studying at ICU Explore in the Liberal Arts Reading a History of Liberal Arts Liberal Arts Dialogue-Oriented Classes Trimesters Undergraduate Basic Policies Your Four Years at ICU Majors Liberal Arts General Education Courses Physical Education Global Japanese-English Bilingual Education Study Abroad English for Liberal Arts Program (ELA) Japanese Language Program (JLP) World Languages Reading a History of Liberal Arts Expanding 5-year Program Service-Learning Certification Programs University/Community Partners of ICU Program for Mathematics, Data Science and AI Education in Liberal Arts Support Faculty (Undergraduate) Academic Support Library SYSTEM & SYLLABUS Courses and Syllabi GPA Graduation Requirements Graduate School Basic Policies Graduate School Overview Master's Course Doctoral Course Distinctive Study Program Program for International Students EXPANDING Certification Programs University/Community Partners of ICU Faculty (Graduate School) SUPPORT & SYLLABUS Library Courses and Syllabi ICU Open Course Ware What's LIBERAL ARTS？ （Only Japanese） Connect and Intersect - Create yourself through Liberal Arts RESEARCH RESEARCH INTRODUCTION Fast Fact INTRODUCTION Frontier Frontier Researchers / Research Institutes & Center Researchers Information System Publications and Articles by Faculty Research & Research Institutes Research Projects Research Projects Activities & Support Research Activities & Support The Gifford Lectures Christianity In The JapaneseReligious Melting Pot The Professor's Office Faculty Publications CAMPUS LIFE & CAREER CAMPUS LIFE & CAREER INTRODUCTION INTRODUCTION LIFE at ICU ONE WEEK at ICU ONE YEAR at ICU Campus Photos- Four seasons of ICU - Facilities and Campus Map Dormitories Dormitories Outline & Dormitory Fees Voices Daily Life of Residents A Short Movie Introducing Dorm Life On-Campus Dormitory Application and Details Housing Office Website Off-campus Housing ICU Service Co., Ltd. Website Homestay Nextage Co. Ltd. Homestay in JAPAN Website for ICU Students Activities Extra-curricular Activities Career Path Paths after Graduation Career Support To Hiring Managers Student Support Counseling, Human Rights Consultation and Health Services Counseling Center Information on Museum Discounts Learning Accessibility Services Students, Faculty, Alumni A Short Movie Introducing Dorm Life Life at ICU ADMISSIONS & AID ADMISSIONS & AID INTRODUCTION INTRODUCTION Undergraduate Admissions News Welcome Apply FAQ Contact Admissions Facts and Figures College of Liberal Arts Guidebook Graduate School Admissions News Applying Reasonable Accommodations in Admissions FAQ Open Campus and Information Session Graduate School Guidebook Tuition & Aid Financial Aid (Undergraduate) Tuition and Fees (Undergraduate) Financial Aid (Graduate School) Tuition and Fees (Graduate School) For Applicants Affected by Large-Scale Disaster Housing Visiting ICU Open Campus, Visiting Campus, and Events VR Campus Tour ICU-Senior High School Collaboration Project Brochures Admissions, Event, News Applicants Students (ICU Portal) Alumni Guarantors Visitors Employment NEWS Giving ACCESS 日本語 日本語 ENGLISH 한국어 簡体中文 繁体中文 HOME Admissions & AID NEWS Financial Aid ( Undergraduate ) Financial Aid ( Undergraduate ) We support your desire to study ICU offers a variety of scholarships to support students in need of financial aid, including scholarships for students who are expected to be role models as ICU students, tuition reduction scholarships over four years, scholarships to support students who have difficulty pursuing their higher education for social or financial reasons, and study abroad/experiential learning support scholarships; all are designed to enable students to challenge themselves to the fullest in a fulfilling liberal arts education. Many of ICU's own scholarships are benefit-based and do not require repayment. ICU scholarship programs are funded mainly by donations from alumni and other supporters, as well as from returns from management of the university's endowment. Consider a plan that best fits your situation and timing. Annually, about 1/3 of students receive financial support from ICU and our listed external scholarships. Scholarship (Undergraduate) Voices from Scholars Scholarship (Undergraduate) [ Back ] ELBA September Entry Applicants ELBA April Entry & Other Applicants For U.S. Citizens Support for Study Abroad Current students Donor Support Sudden Changes Awards External Together with application For Applicants for English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) September Entry Together with application For Applicants for Admissions Route(s) other than English Language Based Admissions (ELBA) September Entry Support for U.S. Citizens Support for Study Abroad For Current Students Seeking for Tuition Reduction For Current Students Seeking Supports by Donors For Students with Sudden Changes in Household Finances Awards for Academic Achievements Financial Support by External Organizations Tuition & Dorm Fees Reduction ICU Peace Bell Scholarship Expected number of recipients: 14 Scholarship Amount: Matriculation fee, dormitory admission fee, annual tuition and facilities fee, and annual on-campus dormitory fees (excluding July and August) for the four years (if a scholar is qualified on a continuous basis). The Peace Bell was donated to ICU's chapel on the 50th anniversary of its founding, and rings daily at regular intervals as a prayer for world peace. Peace Bell Scholars, students who serve as role models for ICU students, are selected prior to enrollment and are supported financially for four years. The Peace Bell Scholarship is funded by means of direct donations to the scholarship and also other sources such as the ICU Pay Forward Fund and gains from managing them. Voices from Scholars→ University of Tomorrow Scholarship （LDCs） LDCs quota Expected number of recipients: 1 Scholarship Amount: Matriculation fee, dormitory admission fee, annual tuition and facilities fee, annual on-campus dormitory fees (including July and August), and living expenses for the four years (if a recipient is qualified on a continuous basis). Students from countries classified as "Least Developed Countries" by the United Nations are eligible to apply for this scholarship, which is targeted at highly motivated students who wish to study at ICU to make a positive difference in their communities and the world, but who are unable to pursue higher education due to economic or social reasons. The application guidelines, forms of the application essay and recommendation letter for ICU Peace Bell Scholarship and University of Tomorrow Scholarship are the same. Please refer to the related documents below. Guideline Form1:Application Essay Form2: Letter Of Recommendation Tuition Reduction ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship Expected number of recipients: 16 (excluding 3 scholars for the Global Citizenship Quota) Scholarship Amount: For other than the Global Citizenship Quota Matriculation fee, first term tuition and facilities fees for the four years (if a scholar is qualified on a continuous basis). For the Global Citizenship Quota Matriculation fee, first and second term tuitions and facilities fees for the four years (if a scholar is qualified on a continuous basis) As the phrase "In a pledge of high endeavor" in the ICU Song suggests, this scholarship is to support students who are willing to take on challenges with high aspirations despite financial difficulties. From AY2025, the "Global Citizenship Quota" is newly created in the ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship and additional 3 scholars are to be selected under this quota. By creating the new quota, the university expects the applicants to have rich experiences in their culture and can contribute to the diversity of ICU's student body. The eligibilities and the benefits for the Global Citizenship Quota are different from those of the existing High Endeavor Scholarship. Guideline Tuition & Dorm Fees Reduction ICU Peace Bell Scholarship Expected number of recipients: 14 Scholarship Amount: Matriculation fee, dormitory admission fee, annual tuition and facilities fee, and annual on-campus dormitory fees (excluding July and August) for the four years (if a scholar is qualified on a continuous basis). The Peace Bell was donated to ICU's chapel on the 50th anniversary of its founding, and rings daily at regular intervals as a prayer for world peace. Peace Bell Scholars, students who serve as role models for ICU students, are selected prior to enrollment and are supported financially for four years. The Peace Bell Scholarship is funded by means of direct donations to the scholarship and also other sources such as the ICU Pay Forward Fund and gains from managing them. Guideline Form1:Application Essay Form2: Letter Of Recommendation Voices from Scholars→ Tuition Reduction ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship Expected number of recipients: -General Admissions: Guaranteed for all applicants who meet the eligibility requirements -Other than General Admissions: 16 Scholarship Amount: Matriculation fee, first term tuition and facilities fees for the four years (if a scholar is qualified on a continuous basis). As the phrase "In a pledge of high endeavor" in the ICU Song suggests, this scholarship is to support students who are willing to take on challenges with high aspirations despite financial difficulties. Guideline Voices from Scholars→ For Applicants from the U.S. JICUF Nelson Ranch Scholarship The Japan International Christian University Foundation (JICUF), a New York-based public charity established to support the university and its students, provides a full scholarship for a US citizen with a demonstrated commitment to Christianity. Please see the JICUF website for further details. Japan ICU Foundation GI Bill Benefits offered by U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ICU is an approved university for the GI Bill Benefits. Please refer to the VA's website for how to receive the benefit. ICU Study Abroad/Experiential Learning Support Scholarship Scholarship Category: Study English Abroad Program: Program Fee Support Summer Study Abroad Programs: Program Fee Support French Studies Abroad: International Flight Cost Support Exchange/Study Abroad Programs: Dormitory/Housing Expenses Support Study Abroad Program: Tuition Fee Support Exchange Program: Tuition Fee Support ** * There is a maximum limit on the amount paid. for each category. Additionally, the amount paid shall not exceed the actual expenses. ** Only exchange program with fee-paying partner university is eligible. ICU has established a new scholarship for students participating in study abroad programs: ICU Study Abroad/Experiential Learning Support Scholarship. This scholarship aims to help reduce the number of students who, despite outstanding academic performance, miss opportunities to study abroad or participate in educational programs due to financial reasons. Application: Once a year. Please ask for details at the explanatory session for each study abroad program after matriculation. Other Scholarships for Study Abroad There are many other scholarships that you may consider applying for studying abroad. For details, visit International Office site: https://subsites.icu.ac.jp/iee/scholarships/ For Current Students Seeking for Tuition Reduction For application requirements and documents, please confirm through internal portal after matriculation. ICU Scholarship for International Students Degree-seeking international students can apply for this tuition reduction scholarship after matriculation. Awarded on the basis of academic performance and financial need, the scholarship exempts awardees from one-third or two-third of annual tuition and facilities fees. There is one application round annually, and the scholarship is valid for one year. For Current Students Seeking Supports by Donors These are examples of scholarships that support student learning through donations from generous donors. Please apply after matriculation through internal website. Number of Recipients last year (PDF) Name of the scholarship Type Amount ICU Alumni Association Yuasa/Hosoki Memorial Awards Interest-free Loan Up to JPY 1 million Takematsu and Koh Horie Memorial Scholarship Grant US$2,000 JICUF Grants Grant See JICUF website Kiyoko Cho Memorial Scholarship Tuition Reduction 1/3 Reduction of tuition and facilities fee of the current academic year Yukiko Amino Scholarship Grant JPY500,000 for 2 recipients For 3rd-year students or above Chris Wada Memorial Scholarship Grant JPY200,000 for 1 recipient For 3rd-year students or above Mamoru Shimizu Memorial Scholarship Grant JPY500,000 for 1 recipient For 3rd-year students or above For Students with Sudden Changes in Household Finances ICU Scholarship for Students with Sudden Changes in Household Finances Special Measures will be made for students facing a sudden change in a household's financial circumstances caused by job loss, bankruptcy, business bankruptcy, illness, death, separation of household supporter (father/mother). In the event of a sudden change in a household's finances and the need for financial assistance, the student may apply to the Student Affairs Group within one year of the occurrence of the sudden change. However, new students are only eligible for reasons after enrollment. Amount: Exemption of the tuition and facilities fees for a term for a maximum Short-term Kakekomi (emergency) aid for students in need The objective of this system is to support ICU students who seek to continue their studies but cannot receive financial support from parents or relatives for various reasons, and have difficulty securing day-to-day living expenses. It is founded on donations from alumni, faculty, staff and the general public who embraced the opportunity to continue support. If you are in need, please see the announcement on the ICU Portal and consult with Student Affairs Group, Student Services Division staff in charge of "Short term Kakekomi (=emergency) aid for students in need". Awards for Academic Achievements Friends of ICU Designated Scholarships Friends of ICU Designated Scholarships are funded by donations to the university made for designated purposes. The selection process is conducted by committees established for each award category, and the awards are given to the most outstanding senior theses, and master theses in the applicable academic field, or to students with outstanding grades in the award year. Past Recipients Financial Support by External Organizations We offer over 100 scholarships for ICU students offered by the listed external organizations. The list of organizations last year (PDF) Contact : Student Affairs Group E-mail: scholarship@icu.ac.jp Voices from Scholars We would like to introduce those who received scholarships to study at ICU. Voices from ICU Peace Bell Scholars Being chosen for the Peace Bell Scholarship helped me gain confidence in myself. I would like to continue to live up to challenges that make me grow. I chose to study at ICU as I planned to go on to graduate school. I applied for the scholarship as I wanted to concentrate on my studies and also decrease the financial burden on my parents. The scholarship has made my college life much more fulfilling than I had imagined. For example, I take demanding courses without hesitation, and when I apply for internships, I can prioritize my interest for the job rather than the pay. I am really grateful I can make choices that contribute to my growth. Being chosen as a Peace Bell Scholar from among numerous candidates has given me great confidence. When I face hardship, I always try to remember how I felt when I applied for the scholarship, which helps me boost my motivation to work harder. I will take on new challenges to expand my potential. Since I will be participating in the exchange program in the U.K. this autumn term of my junior year, I will be taking courses that are not available at ICU. Entering ICU has most certainly enhanced my scope of attaining my future dream. ICU Torch Relay High Endeavor Scholarship Voice of Scholars The scholarship is the driving force for my studies. The next big thing on my to-do list is to study abroad. I applied for the scholarship as my brother and I were both attending private universities, and I wanted to decrease the financial burden on my parents. Being chosen for the scholarship made me realize that tuitions support our learning experience in college, and also that I must be worthy of the scholarship. This led to a proactive attitude in my studies, helping me to develop a keen interest in areas that had not caught my attention before. It was also a driving force that supported me through the ELA courses which were much harder than I expected. I came to ICU as I fell in love with the wide scope and liberal nature of the learning here. The environment with students from backgrounds totally different from mine has provided a stimulating experience in and out of classes. I had never thought of studying abroad before college, but now I would like to test my English ability by studying at least once overseas. I am truly grateful for the scholarship, as it allowed me to do the things I wanted to do without financial concerns. ICU Torch Relay Scholarship Voice of Scholars The scholarship allowed me to take bold steps in things that interested me in college I chose to study at ICU for the wide scope of learning in liberal arts. There were so many choices open to me and I plunged head on into a variety of new areas. For example, I studied abroad and participated in internships in industries I was interested in. I did things I wanted without hesitation and built my experience in areas of interest. I think this led to my choice of major and future plans after graduation. The scholarship supported me whenever I started working on something new. Halfway through my freshman year, my family home was damaged by a natural disaster, so I consulted the Student Affairs Office in finding ways to decrease the financial burden on my parents. The staff kindly helped me with the application and offered advice, which enabled me to acquire several scholarships in addition to the Torch Relay, including from external sources. I am truly grateful for the scholarship which has given me the courage to carry on despite hardship, as well as fortified my motivation and responsibility to learn. Financial Aid (Undergraduate) Tuition and Fees (Undergraduate) ADMISSIONS UNDERGRADUATE News Welcome Apply FAQ Contact Admissions Facts and Figures Visiting Campus College of Liberal Arts Guidebook GRADUATE SCHOOL ADMISSIONS News News (archived) Applying FAQ Reasonable Accommodations in Admissions Open Campus and Information Session Graduate School Guidebook TUITION & AID Financial Aid (Undergraduate) Tuition and Fees (Undergraduate) Financial Aid (Graduate School) Tuition and Fees (Graduate School) Housing For Applicants Affected by Large-Scale Disaster Visitng ICU Open Campus, Visiting Campus, and Events ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH CAMPUS LIFE & CAREER ADMISSIONS & AID Prospective Students Students Alumni Guarantors Visitors Giving Employment Opportunities Directions to ICU Brochures Contact About This Site Privacy Policy ICU High School ICU Hachiro Yuasa Memorial Museum ICU Sacred Music Center ICU Alumni Association ICU Chapel Japan ICU Foundation Library ICU Service CO., Ltd. Connect with us Copyright © ICU International Christian University - All Rights Reserved Page top