Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students International Scholars Applications for the September 2027 intake will open in early October 2026. Find your community, build your skills, and get support. The UBC International Scholars Program is for international students who have demonstrated leadership qualities, exceptional contributions to their communities, have outstanding academic performance, and require meaningful financial support to attend UBC. By bringing together Scholars from diverse countries and cultures, the program fosters a vibrant and globally connected learning community. As a UBC International Scholar, you will Earn a globally recognized degree at a top university Study with the brightest students in the world Get access to unique learning opportunities Get dedicated advising and support As a Scholar, you'll get to participate in skill building workshops and retreats and have the option to participate in exchange and co-op. While you work on your degree, you'll have additional support from dedicated International Scholars Program advisors who will encourage your academic, personal and career development. Eligibility for the Program You must meet all of these requirements to be eligible for the program. There are no exceptions to the eligibility criteria. As part of our evaluation process, we do a financial assessment. This includes reviewing documents outlining your family's gross income, expenses, family assets, etc. If you apply to the International Scholars Program, you will not be considered for merit-based awards . Educational background You are an international student who will be studying in Canada on a Canadian study permit. You are entering UBC directly from an accredited secondary school. Applicants for 2027 Winter session must have graduated from high school no earlier than June 2026. You are applying for your first undergraduate degree. Significant financial need You can prove a significant level of financial need. It would be impossible for you to pursue a UBC degree without meaningful financial help. You will be required to submit official documents that demonstrate your financial need. Your family is not able to afford a significant level of your educational costs and does not have access to external funding. Financial need may be different for each applicant. The financial need estimation is the amount that represents how much financial support you would require to live and study at UBC after all your resources have been accounted for. Review UBC's merit and entrance-based award options first to determine which award program is right for you. Applicants may only be considered for either our merit-based or financial need-based award program. Admission requirements You meet UBC's admission requirements , including general and degree-specific requirements. You demonstrate superior academic achievement (achieve all As or equivalent standard). You meet UBC's English Language Admission Standard . If you do not satisfy this requirement for direct entry, you may be eligible for Vantage College and the Vantage One Excellence Award. The following degrees are not eligible for UBC International Scholars Program awards: Bachelor of Nursing degree (Okanagan and Vancouver), Bachelor of Dental Science in Dental Hygiene, Bachelor of Medical Laboratory Science, Bachelor + Master of Management degree, dual degrees, joint degrees between UBC Okanagan and UBC Vancouver, and joint degrees with other post-secondary institutions. How to apply for the International Scholars Program Applications for 2027 will open in September 2026. We recommend starting the application process as early as possible. Applicants are required to first apply for admission to UBC, speak with their high school about the nomination, gather family and financial information, and complete their student essays. Applicants may also be invited to complete a video interview. Applications started shortly before the deadline are less likely to be successful, so beginning early will help ensure you have enough time to complete each step carefully. 1 Mid- September : Decide on your academic program/campus Decide on the academic program you want to study, and which campus you want to choose. For the awards, you will be considered for your first choice program. You should still select a second choice program. 2 Late September: Discuss the nomination with your school You'll need one nominator (guidance counsellor, principal, administrator, etc.) and one teacher referee . The nominator and teacher referee must be different people. Nominator: Your nominator should be able to speak to your educational goals and your character. A high school or registered non-profit organization may nominate up to two students for UBC Vancouver (including Vantage College), and one student for UBC Okanagan. A student may be nominated by a non-profit organization if the non-profit acts as an educational institution in place of a high school, or where it offers an educational, leadership development, and mentorship program to high school graduates from less fortunate backgrounds. This option is typically reserved for applicants applying from war-torn, politically unstable, or economically disadvantaged areas of the world where no other option for education exists. Teacher referee: Your referee should be someone who is familiar with you and your work in your chosen area of study. Confirm that your high school is able to nominate you and you meet the eligibility requirements before proceeding with the next steps. 3 Early October: Apply to UBC Submit your UBC Admissions application . This is required for your International Scholars Program application. You must have completed your admissions application to UBC before starting your award application. The award application will request confirmation of UBC application submission. Apply to UBC early so you can then access the award application. 4 Early October: Discuss your nomination and create an account Let your nominator and teacher referee know the following: You will send them an email asking for them to provide their recommendation (you'll need their contact information) Your first choice campus and program There is a limit of nominations for each campus (see eligibility for details) The nominator and teacher recommendations need to be completed and submitted a few days before November 15 After, start your award application by creating an account. Invite your nominator and referee to complete their forms. Follow up with them to make sure they've received the invitation. Please note, you cannot complete your award application until both the nominator and teacher referee form have been completed and submitted. 5 Mid-October: Gather relevant information for your application and complete your sections of the award application You'll be asked for information like: Annual income and expenses Family wealth and assets Dependents and annual school fees Sources of financial support Calculate your family contributions and financial need using the cost estimator Extra curricular information Awards 4 essay questions (approximately 150-250 words) This will be a very in-depth process, so make sure you give yourself time to gather your financial information and time to fill out the application itself. 6 By November 15: Submit your completed application The International Scholars Program application is due November 15. It's recommended to submit well in advance of November 15 in case of technical difficulties. 7 By January 31 : Submit required documents Several weeks after you apply to UBC, you will receive an email with the subject line "Your UBC Application - Next Steps" from the UBC Undergraduate Admissions Office. Follow the instructions in that message to submit any documents required to evaluate your application. As a UBC International Scholars Program applicant, your document deadline is January 31 and not the date listed in the "Your UBC Application - Next Steps" email. If your required transcripts/ high school academic certificates are not available by January 31, submit them as soon as they are available. 8 January - March: Video interview Applicants may be invited to complete a video interview. You will have one week to complete this step and record your video responses using the online application platform. The video interview stage will provide you with the opportunity to share more about who you are as a student and reflect on past educational and leadership experiences beyond the information provided in your written application. 9 Check your email for updates Check your spam filters and ensure all UBC email addresses are marked as safe. You may receive emails from several platforms throughout the application process including the UBC Admissions online system, the ISP application system, or emails directly from staff at UBC. Results will be released on a rolling basis throughout the months of February - April. By early- to mid-April, we will let you know if you have received an award. Be sure to check your email to find out. If you plan to apply for UBC Housing, please wait until our award decisions are released before applying for residence. The deadline to apply for housing is May 1. Award categories There are four categories of prestigious need-and-merit-based awards available through UBC's International Scholars Program. You won't select which award you wish to receive when you submit your application - our team will automatically consider you for the awards that you are eligible for. Karen McKellin International Leader of Tomorrow Award This award recognizes exceptional prospective international undergraduate students who demonstrate superior academic achievement and exemplary leadership skills that support and empower others through collaboration, empathy and active listening. It recognizes students who have made a positive impact through their involvement in various school and community service projects and initiatives, and attained notable achievement in other academic or extra-curricular pursuits. Donald A. Wehrung International Student Award This award recognizes outstanding international undergraduate students from impoverished or war-torn areas who have achieved academic excellence under challenging circumstances, and who would be unable to attend university without significant financial assistance. Students should demonstrate leadership potential and a strong commitment to making a positive impact in their communities. International Impact Award This award is offered to exceptional students who have demonstrated leadership as well as commitment to and solutions for sustainability and climate change, natural resource conservation and management, social justice, equity and inclusion, or societal health and wellness. Priority is given to first generation learners and those from diverse lived backgrounds. Vantage One Excellence Award This award is offered by UBC Vantage College for academically outstanding international students who do not yet meet the English Language Admission Standard for direct admission to UBC. The awards range in value up to the full cost of a student's academic program and living expenses. Students should demonstrate leadership skills, impactful involvement in student affairs and community service, and notable achievement in other academic or extra-curricular pursuits. Meet UBC's International Scholars Get to know a few of our International Scholars. "I am very grateful for this award as it put an incredible financial burden off my family's shoulders and provided me with a strong support network and opportunities for growth. Many of my closest friends at UBC come from the same scholarship cohort." Andrej | Slovakia | Commerce Read his story "The community of scholars has become the best support system I could have asked for. We started as friends, and now, we are almost like family. The programming associated with this award equips us with a comprehensive set of skills necessary for success. From job applications and navigating the career ladder to developing leadership abilities, the support is thorough and multifaceted. We help each other and push one another toward success, fostering an environment where everyone thrives. This collaborative spirit has undoubtedly opened doors to numerous opportunities, both academically and professionally." Nane | Armenia | Physics "My education has propelled me into the world of renewable energy, and continues to aid my development as I navigate through a variety of fields such as construction, global sustainability, and change management. My time at UBC gives me a unique approach when looking into problems I am presented with. I've always aspired to bring positive change to the world, and my degree with UBC gave me a direction in which to seek such change." Shriya | Tanzania | Mechanical Engineering "My undergraduate studies dotting across Chemistry, Biology, and Computer Science, contributed to my flexible and broad-level thinking, curiosity, and strong conceptual ability in connecting different topics. These attributes are some of the necessary ingredients towards achieving my career goals. Most impactful, the full scholarship offered to me by UBC enabled me to move out of my home and pursue my path in Science…[without] which I would have otherwise been unable to." Guilherme | Mozambique | Biochemistry and Molecular Biology "This award for me has been a life-changing experience. I have been able to make so many meaningful connections both on and off campus…I have met some of the best people whom I can call friends. I have also had the opportunity to get my hands on so many things while learning such as community involvement, clubs, competitions, and internships. All these are possible due to the wholesome support the Scholars community has given me but also the trust they have that I can make the right call. I have also been able to make an impact and give back to my community back home through involvement with empowering programs." Larita | Kenya | Electrical Engineering "This award allowed me to pursue a world-class education, meet the most amazing people, and learn that it really is, mine. I am extremely grateful that I was chosen to be a part of such an excellent cohort of people, and I hope to make the International Student Initiative proud as I undertake my next endeavors." Marco | Uganda | Political Science "I have this award to thank for the endless opportunities that I've been able to experience at my time at UBC. Without [it], I wouldn't have been able to travel to Canada and pursue my passion. This award allowed me realize the potential I have not only in writing, but in other fields as well." Rielle | Philippines | Creative Writing Read Rielle's story "…my university years were the most critical and fundamental years of my life-they set me on the right path for the career and life that I have come to appreciate so much…The level of support and infrastructure available to you as students, especially International Scholars, are second to none." Dhira | Thailand | Mathematics (BSc), Economics "This award has opened up opportunities beyond what I would have imagined. First, it has helped me grow personally and professionally. The award's support and resources have enabled me to develop new skills and knowledge, discover my potential, and shape my personal growth. The experiences I've gained, the memories I've made, and the people I've met have each positively impacted who I have become." Hammad | Palestine | Geography Read Hammad's story "This award has allowed me to reach my full potential and has constantly challenged me to improve and better myself, whether it's academically, pursuing greater endeavours, or by providing me with constant support and a sense of community. Having the opportunity to interact and learn from my fellow scholars is always an inspiring and rewarding experience that has helped me better myself time and time again." Mahshid | Iran | Applied Animal Biology Celebrating 25 years of community and impact. 560 + International Scholars since 2001 108 + countries represented among International Scholars 200 + hours of developmental workshops and one-on-one support available to Scholars over the course of their degree 560 + International Scholars since 2001 108 + countries represented among International Scholars 200 + hours of developmental workshops and one-on-one support available to Scholars over the course of their degree Contact us If you have questions about UBC's International Scholars Program. Contact us We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility