Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Financial planning / Scholarships and awards for international students Scholarships and awards for international students UBC recognizes the academic achievement of outstanding students from around the world by devoting more than $35 million annually to awards, scholarships, and other forms of financial support for international undergraduate students. More on Financial planning: How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Scholarships and awards for international students Loans, bursaries, and funding support Financial schedule On this page: Merit-based awards UBC Okanagan Global Elevation Award UBC Okanagan International Welcome Award UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce International Launch Award International Scholars Program UBC Vantage One scholarships and awards Plan your finances Scholarships and awards for current international students $ 35 M+ in international student financial assistance 111 + countries represented among award recipients 680 + International Scholars since 2001 $ 35 M+ in international student financial assistance 111 + countries represented among award recipients 680 + International Scholars since 2001 Join UBC's community of award winners When you receive an award or scholarship, you join a community of engaged and supportive young leaders and changemakers who enrich UBC with their diverse perspectives, lived experiences, involvement, and innovation. While studying at a global top 40 university, and North America's most international university, you'll have the chance to grow, connect, research, and innovate. UBC offers a wide range of opportunities inside and outside the classroom - from co-ops and undergraduate research to clubs and study abroad - to round out your degree and help you contribute to the university's thriving community. Merit-based awards As soon as you receive an offer of admission to UBC, you'll automatically be considered for these merit-based awards. Consideration is based on your demonstrated academic achievement and your extracurricular involvement. International Major Entrance Scholarship International Major Entrance Scholarships (IMES) are awarded to exceptional international students entering undergraduate programs at UBC. Students receive their IMES when they enter their first year at UBC, and the scholarships are renewable for up to three additional years of study. The number and level of these scholarships awarded each year vary, depending on available funding. For the 2026/2027 academic year, IMES awards will be valued at $10,000 - $25,000/year. Eligibility To be considered for the IMES, you must: Be new to UBC, entering directly from secondary school. Be an international student who will be studying at UBC on a Canadian study permit (student visa). (Changes to your citizenship status will affect your IMES eligibility.) Demonstrate exceptional academic achievement and intellectual promise, as well as impressive extracurricular and community involvement. Not be nominated for a need-and-merit-based International Scholars award. Apply to UBC by the admissions deadline. Outstanding International Student Award The Outstanding International Student (OIS) Award is a one-time, merit-based entrance scholarship awarded to qualified students when they are offered admission to UBC. Students selected for this award show strength academically and display involvement outside of the classroom. For the 2025/2026 academic year, OIS awards will be valued at $10,000 - $25,000. Eligibility To be considered for an OIS Award, you must: Be new to UBC, entering directly from secondary school or post-secondary (university or college). Be an international student studying at UBC on a Canadian study permit (student visa). (Changes to your citizenship status will affect your scholarship eligibility.) Demonstrate outstanding academic achievement and strong extracurricular involvement. Not be nominated for a need-and-merit-based International Scholars award. Apply to UBC by the admissions deadline. How to apply for merit-based awards If you apply to UBC by the admissions deadline , you will automatically be considered for the International Major Entrance Scholarship and the Outstanding International Student Award. Scholarship and evaluation timeline Merit-based awards are evaluated based on an applicant's academic and personal profile. All international undergraduate applicants are considered for OIS and IMES awards, so the award evaluation process is highly competitive. Admissions decisions and award evaluations are two separate processes. You will be considered for merit-based scholarships after you receive an offer of admission to UBC. While offers of admission may start rolling out in December, scholarship decisions are made between mid-February to the end of April. Due to the large volume of applicants eligible for awards consideration, only successful recipients will receive notification of an award offer. Recipients of the IMES and OIS awards will receive their award offer in advance of their admission acceptance deadline date. Most students' deadline will be May 1. The award offers are final and recipients will have up until their admissions offer deadline to accept their awards offer. Financial Planning Our OIS and IMES are merit-based awards and we are unable to take financial need into consideration. Recipients of OIS and IMES awards are encouraged to create a financial plan for the duration of their degree at UBC as these awards do not cover the full cost of education. Visit financial planning for helpful resources and calculators to help you create your own individual plan. UBC Okanagan Global Elevation Award The UBC Okanagan Global Elevation Award is a $8,000 award applied to international students' tuition at UBC Okanagan. All new international undergraduate students who enroll at UBC Okanagan will receive this award. It is renewable for an additional 3 years - up to 4 years or degree completion, whichever is sooner. The award is applied as a credit toward tuition fees. The credit will be paid in two equal instalments of $4,000 in Winter Term 1 and Winter Term 2. The award is designed to reward those international undergraduate students who wish to study at UBC Okanagan and contribute to the growth of UBC's international student community at this campus. Eligibility To be considered for the UBC Okanagan Global Elevation Award , you must be a new international student who enrolls at UBC Okanagan. How to Apply If you are accepted to and enroll at UBC Okanagan, this award will automatically be applied as a credit on your student account after you have accepted UBC's offer of admission. UBC Okanagan International Welcome Award The UBC Okanagan International Welcome Award is a $5,000 award applied to international students' first-year tuition at UBC Okanagan. All international students who apply to UBC with a UBC Okanagan degree listed as their first choice and who are accepted and enrol into their UBC Okanagan first-choice program, will receive this award. The $5,000 award is a credit toward tuition fees for your first year of full-time study on the Okanagan campus. 50% of the award will be applied to Term 1 tuition and 50% of the award will be applied to Term 2 tuition, as long as students are enrolled in a minimum number of credits. The award is designed to welcome international students to the Okanagan campus and help you get the best possible start to your UBC Okanagan experience. Eligibility To be considered for the International Welcome Award, you must: be a first-year international student enrolled in a full-time course load (24 credits in Winter Session), select a UBC Okanagan degree listed as your first choice, and be accepted to UBC Okanagan and enrol into your first-choice degree. How to apply If you are accepted to UBC on your UBC Okanagan first-choice degree, this award will automatically be applied as a credit on your student account after you have accepted UBC's offer of admission. You'll be able to see this credit on your Applicant Service Centre account once classes start in September. UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce International Launch Award The UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce International Launch Award is a $6,000 award applied to international students' tuition at UBC Okanagan. All new international undergraduate students entering the Bachelor of Commerce degree program for September 2027 intake at UBC's Okanagan campus will receive this award. It is renewable for an additional 3 years or until degree completion, whichever is sooner. The award is applied as a credit against your tuition fees. The credit will be paid in two equal instalments of $3,000 in Winter Term 1 and Winter Term 2. The award is designed to reward international undergraduate students who wish to study at UBC Okanagan and contribute to the growth of UBC's international student community at the campus. Eligibility To be considered for the UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce International Launch Award, you must be a new international student who enrolls at UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce degree program. How to apply If you are accepted to and enroll at UBC Okanagan Bachelor of Commerce degree program, this award will automatically be applied as a credit on your student account after you have accepted UBC's offer of admission. UBC alumnus Daniel Mundeva explains how the International Scholars program helped him achieve his goals International Scholars Program The International Scholars Program brings some of the world's brightest young undergraduates to UBC. International Scholars are high academic achievers with significant financial need who have demonstrated exceptional extracurricular activities, show a desire to create positive global and social change, and are dedicated to giving back to their communities. Together, these Scholars form a diverse cohort representing a wide range of countries, cultures, and lived experiences from around the world, enriching the learning environment for the entire UBC community. Earn a globally recognized degree at a top university A UBC degree opens doors and connects you to a vast alumni network across the globe. Learn more Study with the brightest students in the world You'll join a community of engaged and supportive young leaders and study among the best and the brightest. You and your fellow Scholars will enrich UBC and the global community with your diverse perspectives, committed involvement, and innovative initiatives. Learn more Take advantage of unique learning opportunities You'll have access to numerous opportunities inside and outside the classroom that will enrich your university experience. Learn more Access dedicated advising and support You'll be supported by a team of dedicated International Scholars Program advisors throughout your undergraduate degree, plus a network of staff from across UBC's faculties and services who will encourage your academic, personal, and career development. Learn more UBC Vantage One scholarships and awards UBC's Vantage One program is for academically strong international students whose English language proficiency does not yet meet the requirements for direct admission into UBC. If you are a new UBC Vantage One student, you're eligible for UBC Vantage One awards. These scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement, intellectual promise, and extracurricular or community involvement. Some of the scholarships also consider financial need. UBC Vantage One awards include: International Major Entrance Scholarship for Vantage One Vantage One Entrance Award Vantage One Excellence Award Timelines, application processes, and eligibility criteria vary for the different UBC Vantage One awards. Learn more about UBC Vantage One scholarships and awards Achieving a UBC degree through Vantage One Valeria knew she wanted to study outside of her home country of El Salvador, and always placed UBC at the top of her list. When she applied, she discovered her English skills didn't quite meet UBC's language requirement. So Valeria took the Vantage One program in her first year to strengthen her English skills, winning the Vantage Excellence Award. "I applied to a couple of other Canadian universities, and another one in Mexico. UBC was my dream school because I loved the Psychology program, and, of course, the beautiful Vancouver campus. After getting all the acceptance letters I ended up choosing UBC because I was awarded the prestigious Vantage Excellence Scholarship. This scholarship was far more than I could've ever imagined, and it allowed me to study in my dream university and more." Valeria | UBC Vancouver | Vantage One Read more Plan your finances University is a significant financial investment that will pay returns for the rest of your life. To get a full picture of what your first year at UBC will cost - including tuition and books, meals and living costs, transportation expenses, and more - enter your details into the UBC cost calculator. You can try as many different calculations as you'd like to help get a breakdown of your first-year costs. Plan your finances using UBC's cost estimator Scholarships and awards for current international students UBC continues to support international students through a variety of in-program scholarships and awards. Scholarship and award amounts will vary, as will their renewability. Scholarships and awards on the Okanagan campus Scholarships and awards on the Vancouver campus More on Financial planning: How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Scholarships and awards for international students Loans, bursaries, and funding support Financial schedule We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility