Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Applying to UBC / Dates and deadlines / Vancouver Dates and deadlines Whether you're thinking about applying, you've submitted your application, or you've received an offer of admission to UBC, there are important deadlines to keep in mind. Find out which dates you need to watch out for in this phase of your journey. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines On this page: You're preparing to apply to UBC You've applied to UBC You've been admitted to UBC You're preparing to apply to UBC Early October 2026 Application opens Online application opens for Winter Session (September 2027 to April 2028) and Summer Session (May to August 2027). Apply here! November 15, 2026 (11:59 p.m. PST) Scholarships and awards International applicants: Deadline to apply to UBC and submit an award application if you're an international student and you wish to be considered for the UBC International Scholars Program awards . December 1, 2026 (11:59 p.m. PST) Scholarships and awards Canadian citizens and permanent residents: Deadline to apply to UBC if you wish to be considered for the Presidential Scholars Awards , UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards , or the Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Award. January 15, 2027 (11:59 p.m. PST) Applications due Deadline to apply for Winter Session (September 2027 to April 2028). Deadline to apply for Summer Session (May to August 2027), unless you're a visiting, unclassified, or Access Studies student . You've applied to UBC November 2026 through to June 2027 Admissions decisions Admissions decisions are made for high school applicants on a continuous basis. January through to July 2027 Admissions decisions Canadian post-secondary applicants: Admissions decisions are made. January 31, 2027 International Scholars Program applicants Meet UBC's English Language Admission Standard for direct-entry , or the English language requirement for UBC Vantage College if you have applied to a Vantage One program. Submit any documents required for your admission to UBC. Please submit by this deadline, not the date indicated in your "next steps" email. February 15, 2027 Interim transcripts Canadian post-secondary applicants currently attending another institution: Deadline to submit your official interim transcript . Interim transcripts are those that include final grades for courses completed to December, and that list any courses in-progress from January - April. February 15, 2027 ELAS Deadline to submit documents showing you meet the English Language Admission Standard (ELAS). March through to April 2027 Scholarship announcements Presidential Scholars Award Centennial Scholars Entrance Award Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Award International Major Entrance Scholarships Outstanding International Student Award March 1 to March 15, 2027 Grade submissions Canadian high school applicants outside of BC and Ontario: Upload your Spring transcript of grades including grades for distributed learning courses that are 50% complete to the Applicant Service Centre for your UBC academic assessment. March 15, 2027 Grade submissions Students who graduated from a Canadian high school before applying to UBC: Deadline to submit your final grades. All courses required for admission to UBC, including distributed learning courses, must be completed and appear with a final grade on an official Ministry of Education transcript by this date. Upgraders are encouraged to submit confirmation of completed courses as soon as possible. March 15, 2027 Out-of-country documents Post-secondary applicants from the United States: Deadline to submit required documents to UBC. High school applicants from outside Canada: Deadline to submit required documents to UBC. April 2027 Scholarship announcements International Scholars Program award May 31, 2027 International documents Out-of-country post-secondary applicants (except US applicants): Deadline to submit all required documents. June 30, 2027 Course completion Canadian high school applicants: Deadline to complete all high school courses, including distance and distributed-learning courses to meet the conditions of your offer of admission. September 15, 2027 Bursary applications Canadian citizens and permanent residents: Deadline to submit general bursary applications. You've been admitted to UBC May 1, 2027 or June 1, 2027 Accept your offer! Deadline for most students to accept UBC's offer of admission and pay the acceptance deposit. Please refer to your letter of admission or the Applicant Service Centre to find your assigned offer deadline date. As soon as you accept your offer of admission Study permits International applicants: Getting a study permit can take several months, so be sure to apply for a study permit as soon as you accept your offer of admission. May 1, 2027 Housing applications Application deadline for first-year housing guarantee (see Vancouver housing or Okanagan housing) . If you're considering a degree on both campuses, you must complete a separate residence application for each campus. May 15, 2027 Final transcripts Canadian post-secondary applicants: Submit your final transcripts electronically or by mail to UBC's Undergraduate Admissions Office. (Final transcripts are required to finalize conditional offers of admission. Please review your application status in the Applicant Service Centre for more information.) Early June 2027 Housing offers If you've qualified for the first-year guarantee (see Vancouver housing or Okanagan housing) you'll receive a housing offer. Late June 2027 Course registration Course registration opens for first-year students. June 30, 2027 Final transcripts US applicants: Deadline to submit final transcripts to UBC to confirm your offer of admission. Loan applications US applicants: Recommended deadline to submit UBC's US Loan Request form to ensure loan funding for September. Late June 2027 Jump Start Vancouver orientation Deadline to register for Jump Start orientation on the Vancouver campus. July 1, 2027 Deferred admission Deadline to apply for deferred admission for the Vancouver campus. July 25, 2027 Loan applications Canadian citizens and permanent residents: Recommended deadline to apply for Canadian and provincial loans to ensure funds for September and to qualify for the UBC bursary program . Out-of-province and out-of-country high school transcripts Out-of-province applicants: Deadline to have your final official transcript mailed to UBC to confirm your offer of admission. Out-of-country applicants (except US and A-Level applicants): Deadline to submit your final transcript to confirm your offer of admission. Please check your letter of admission for curriculum-specific deadlines. August 1, 2027 Jump Start Okanagan orientation Deadline to register for Jump Start orientation on the Okanagan campus. Early August, 2027 Early arrival to residence Deadline to apply for early arrival to residence. (If you register for Jump Start, you'll automatically qualify to move in early.) August 15, 2027 Deferred admission Deadline to apply for deferred admission for the Okanagan campus. August 20, 2027 A-Level results Applicants from the British-patterned system: Deadline to submit final A-Level results to UBC to confirm your offer of admission. Early September 2027 Jump Start Jump Start Okanagan for all new-to-UBC students. Jump Start Vancouver orientation for all first-year students coming to UBC from high school. Early September, 2027 Residence move-in day Move-in day. Early September, 2027 First day of classes First day of classes. Imagine UBC orientation on the Vancouver campus. Early September, 2027 Tuition payment Deadline to pay your first instalment of Winter Session tuition. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility