Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Applying to UBC / How to apply How to apply Learning how to apply to UBC is about more than completing the online application. We'll help you prepare by choosing the right high school courses, guide you while you find the degree that's right for you, and give you tips to write a compelling personal profile. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines Watch: How to apply to UBC Every year, UBC welcomes thousands of top first-year students from across Canada and around the world. You could be next! Find out what you need to do before completing your application. Plan for UBC It's never too early to start thinking about university. If you already know which degrees you're interested in applying to at UBC, you can choose your Grade 11 (junior year) and Grade 12 (senior year) courses accordingly. Learn how to plan for UBC For post-secondary transfer students If you are a well-qualified student attending a post-secondary institution, we welcome your application to transfer to UBC. Read more about transfer eligibility, and find your requirements if you are a post-secondary student in Canada or a post-secondary student outside of Canada. Learn how to transfer to UBC Choose what to study When you apply to UBC, you'll have the opportunity to select a first and second choice of degree. The degree you choose now will determine your program options in your second or third year of study. Knowing which degrees you're interested in applying to will help you choose your Grade 11 (junior-year) and Grade 12 (senior-year) courses. How to choose a degree Write your personal profile The personal profile is an important part of your UBC application. It's your chance to tell us about your life achievements and experiences to help us determine if you're a good fit for UBC. Get personal profile tips Complete the application Once you've chosen a degree and reviewed your admission requirements , it's time to complete the application. If you have a disability that will impact your ability to meet the academic standards of your degree, you'll have an opportunity to disclose it here. Follow the steps to apply Watch: Application tips Your application is where you demonstrate that you've got what it takes to be a UBC student. Here are five tips to keep the process stress-free. Your application and disruptions outside of your control We will be as flexible as possible to ensure that your application to UBC is not disadvantaged by disruptions caused by things outside of your control. We want to reassure you that disruptions such as flooding, fires, earthquakes or wars will not negatively affect your application and UBC will assess and adjust our current processes as these things arise. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility