Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Applying to UBC / What we look for What we look for UBC's admission process is competitive and comparative. Keep in mind that your application will be evaluated against all of the others we have received this year for the same degree. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines On this page: Admission requirements Your grades Your course choices Your achievements beyond academics For post-secondary transfer applicants Watch: How UBC evaluates your application You've applied to UBC. Now what? Behind the scenes, UBC's Undergraduate Admissions Office is taking a closer look at your application, including your grades, the courses you chose, and your personal profile. Admission requirements First, we make sure you meet UBC's admission requirements . Have you graduated from high school? Can you demonstrate a certain level of English? Do you meet the specific requirements for the degree you're applying to? If you meet these admission requirements, we take a closer look at your application. Your grades UBC considers your grades in all Grade 11 (junior level) and Grade 12 (senior level) classes, paying special attention to courses that relate to the degree you're applying to. Specifically: We look at your grades in all academic courses. That doesn't include career education courses, physical and health education courses, faith-based courses, skills-based courses, or courses in applied design and technology. To encourage you to explore subjects outside your comfort zone, we'll exclude your lowest grade (as long as the course is not a degree-specific requirement or relevant to your intended area of study at UBC). We look at your grades in courses that fall under key subject categories related to your chosen degree. Check the admission requirements for your chosen degree to see which of the following subject categories apply: Language Arts, Mathematics and Computation, Sciences, Second Languages, Social Studies, and Visual and Performing Arts. If you completed a Grade 11 (junior level) and Grade 12 (senior level) course in the same subject, we'll focus on the Grade 12 (senior level) grade. We look at your grades in key courses. Your key courses will be determined by your chosen degree, but English 12 (senior-level English) or Pre-Calculus 12 (senior-level Calculus) are among the most common. Your course choices UBC also looks closely at which courses you chose to take in high school. Did you pursue all of your academic interests by taking a range of different subjects? Did you challenge yourself by taking academic courses, advanced courses, or first-year university courses? Did you demonstrate knowledge in your chosen area of study by taking courses related to the degree you applied to at UBC? Your achievements beyond academics The personal profile is an important part of UBC's online application. It is required for most high school applicants, and for university or college transfer students applying to certain programs. It gives us a sense of who you are, what you've overcome, and what you've achieved. It also helps us assess whether you're prepared for university studies and deserving of an entrance scholarship or award by telling us what you've learned about your experiences, your academic and extracurricular achievements, and your leadership qualities. For post-secondary transfer applicants If you are a well-qualified student attending a post-secondary institution, we welcome your application to transfer to UBC . UBC may assess post-secondary applicants on a combination of factors, including your grade point average (GPA), any required prerequisite courses, and a review of your overall academic history. We may also require you to submit a personal profile , supplemental application, portfolio, or audition. More on Applying to UBC: Admission requirements Indigenous admissions How to apply After you've applied After you've been admitted What we look for Dates and deadlines We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility