Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students International students #2 most international university in North America. UBC students come from 147 countries. 13,797 international undergraduate students across both of our campuses. $35 million available annually in awards, scholarships, and other forms of financial support for international undergraduate students. #2 most international university in North America. UBC students come from 147 countries. 13,797 international undergraduate students across both of our campuses. $35 million available annually in awards, scholarships, and other forms of financial support for international undergraduate students. Your admission requirements Admission to UBC is competitive, and your requirements change depending on your degree and campus of choice. All applicants must meet UBC's general admission requirements and English Language Admission Standard. International high school applicant requirements International Baccalaureate applicant requirements University or college student applicant requirements Scholarships and awards for International students UBC recognizes the academic achievement of outstanding students from around the world by devoting more than $35 million annually to awards, scholarships, and other forms of financial support for international undergraduate students. Find out more about awards for International students . English Language Admissions Standard English is the primary language of instruction at UBC. All prospective students are required to demonstrate a minimum level of English before they're admitted. Find out how to meet UBC's English Language Admission Standard. How to apply for a study permit International students need a valid study permit to attend UBC. Getting a permit can take several months, so be sure to begin the process as soon as you can. Find out how to apply. International student supports Enrolment Services Advisors Get advice and support from Enrolment Services Advisors on the Okanagan or Vancouver campus Study permit concierge To help students apply for a study permit and navigate Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), UBC offers complimentary study permit concierge services. These services are designed to provide you with resources and real-time guidance as you work through your study permit application process. Global Pathways (Okanagan) Global Pathways is for international students on the Okanagan campus to assist with planning their career and immigration success. Find out more about Global Pathways "When I originally came to UBC as a transfer student, I was unsure of what I wanted my academic and career futures to be. I had just spent a year studying musical theatre in the United States, and realized it wasn't the right path for me. After taking a campus tour of UBC Vancouver and speaking to the incredible student ambassadors, I knew transferring to UBC was a step onto the right path. Two years later, and it is the best decision I have ever made." Elleda S. | Political Science | USA Read Elleda's story "One of the highlights of my program has been connecting with people who have similar interests and values. The smaller class sizes have allowed me to build close relationships with students and award-winning faculty, participate in class discussions and engage with others. I experienced a sense of belonging and support. As an international student, having space to share my lived experiences, knowledge, and skills has been particularly important. " Hammad J. | Interdisciplinary Studies | Palestine Read Hammad's story "As an international student, UBC has given me an unique opportunity to surround myself with a variety of people and resources to help me succeed. UBC is filled with people from different walks of life and I have been blessed to be able to connect and learn from these people and their experiences - from my professors to my fellow peers." Peter I. | BA in Computer Science | Nigeria Read Peter's story Ready to be a UBC student? Start your online application now. Apply now We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility