Search this website Search Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Workday UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia UBC Search Undergraduate Programs and Admissions Apply now Programs Applying to UBC Open submenu Admission requirements Open submenu Canadian high schools International high schools International Baccalaureate students Advanced Placement students University or college transfer students Mature students English language competency Open submenu Academic English development programs for admission UBC Conditional Admission Program Indigenous admissions Open submenu UBC-Langara Indigenous Transfer Partnership How to apply Open submenu Plan for UBC Choosing a university Choose what to study First-year credit Write your personal profile Complete the application Disability-related considerations Working with an education agent After you've applied Open submenu Admissions decisions Submit your documents First-year credit First-year study options How to change the degree you applied to Appeals After you've been admitted Open submenu Accept your offer Apply for a study permit Open submenu Study permit concierge Plan your finances Find a place to live Take care of your health and wellness Explore your academic options Plan your degree Register for your courses Get ready for UBC life What we look for Dates and deadlines Financial planning Open submenu How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Open submenu Beyond Tomorrow Scholars Program Indigenous student awards Loran Awards Presidential Scholars Awards Schulich Leader Scholarships UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Awards Scholarships and awards for international students Open submenu International Scholars Loans, bursaries, and funding support Open submenu Loans for Canadian and US students Bursaries Sponsorships Awards for students with disabilities Funding for former youth in care Funding for veterans Financial schedule UBC Life Open submenu Vancouver Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Okanagan Open submenu Living in residence Living off campus Academics and learning Open submenu Interdisciplinary studies and innovative programs Sports and recreation Getting involved Open submenu Work programs Leadership and volunteering Clubs and societies Campus community Open submenu Orientations Students with disabilities Arts and culture Former youth in care UBC life blog Contact us Tours and events Open submenu Campus tours Fairs Information sessions Student experience events School visits Student meetings Self-guided virtual tours Your account Open submenu Log in Create an account Get your Guide Canadian students Indigenous students International students Browse: Home / Financial planning / Financial schedule Financial schedule Get a financial picture of the year ahead and take note of key dates, including when your first tuition payment is due, when to pay your housing fees, and more. More on Financial planning: How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Scholarships and awards for international students Loans, bursaries, and funding support Financial schedule Date Event Amount Between May 1 and June 15, 2026 Deadline for most students to accept their offer of admission and pay the acceptance deposit online through the Applicant Service Centre . Most students' deadline will be between May 1 and June 1. Please refer to your letter of admission or the Applicant Service Centre to find your assigned date. $500 for Canadian citizens and permanent residents $3,000 for students on a study permit Between June 1, and mid-August, 2026 Check your email regularly for your residence offer. Once Student Housing sends your offer, you will be given a designated time frame to accept the offer and pay your first residence/meal plan instalment through the UBC Student Housing and Community Services online service centre . Residence fees for most first-year residences include a mandatory meal plan. View an overview of residence fees on UBC's Okanagan campus and UBC's Vancouver campus . Fees vary based on which residence you choose and what type of accommodation you select. Find out more about UBC Okanagan and UBC Vancouver . Your first payment includes a combination of residence and meal plan fees. June 1, 2026 onward If you are an international student, your temporary iMED medical insurance fee will be charged to your account when you register for courses. This insurance will cover you until your BC Medical Services Plan (MSP) coverage begins (likely in November). $237 (or $338 if you are a one-term exchange student), plus a $10.54 direct billing fee August 1, 2026 onward Once you have registered for classes, you can begin to buy your books and supplies. For an estimate, please refer to our cost estimator. September 9, 2026 Your Term 1 tuition fees for Winter Session are due. The first instalment covers tuition for Term 1 courses and the first half of two-term courses, plus most student fees. Visit the UBC Okanagan Calendar or the UBC Vancouver Calendar for more details. For an estimate of your tuition fees, please refer to our cost estimator. Once your specific fees have been assessed, you will find them under "Finances"in Workday. September 19, 2026 Your second residence fee instalment is due. Fees vary based on which residence you choose and what type of accommodation you select. Find out more about UBC Okanagan and UBC Vancouver . November 1, 2026 onward If you do not have other medical coverage, you are required by BC law to register for the BC Medical Services Plan (MSP) . You'll need to wait for three months before you are eligible for the plan. If you arrived in August, your waiting period will likely be over in November. $0 for Canadian citizens and permanent residents $75/month for students on a study permit January 6, 2027 Your Term 2 tuition fees for Winter Session are due. The second instalment covers tuition for Term 2 courses and the second half of two-term courses. Visit the UBC Okanagan Calendar or the UBC Vancouver Calendar for more details. For an estimate of your tuition fees, please refer to our cost estimator. Once your specific fees have been assessed, you will find them under "Finances"in Workday. January 9, 2027 Your final residence fee instalment is due. Fees vary based on which residence you choose and what type of accommodation you select. Find out more about UBC Okanagan and UBC Vancouver . Ready to be a UBC student? Apply now More on Financial planning: How UBC determines your tuition fees What will your first year cost? Scholarships and awards for Canadian students Scholarships and awards for international students Loans, bursaries, and funding support Financial schedule We acknowledge that UBC's two main campuses are situated within the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam people, and in the traditional, ancestral, unceded territory of the Syilx Okanagan Nation and their peoples. Privacy Contact us The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | Copyright | Accessibility