Skip to main content Academic Calendar Campus Services Faculties & Schools Library Maps Quicklinks Student Service Centre UBC Directory The University of British Columbia UBC - A Place of Mind The University of British Columbia Vancouver Campus UBC Search UBC Academic Calendar Main navigation Home Dates and Deadlines Academic Year Admissions Fees Establishment and Constitution Campus-wide Policies and Regulations Services, Facilities, and Organizations Research Units, Centres, and Institutes UBC Library Faculties, Colleges, and Schools Alternative Study Options Course Descriptions Emeriti Staff Enrolment Statistics 2025/26 Calendar History Calendar Archive Contact Us Breadcrumb Home Admissions Admission For Secondary School Applicants Admission for Secondary School Applicants Print-friendly version Admission Requirements Academic criteria are the primary basis for determining admissibility to UBC. Many programs also consider non-academic information. For secondary school applicants, the academic assessment consists of an overall assessment and a core academic assessment, the latter being specific to the program(s) to which the student has applied. In addition, breadth, rigour and relevancy of secondary school coursework may also factor into the admission decision. Although there is not a strict minimum number of courses required, UBC does recommend that students graduating with a Canadian secondary school credential present at least six academic and non-academic Grade 12-level courses (including Grade 12-level courses taken in the Grade 11 year). Non-academic courses include subjects classified as Applied Design, Skills and Technologies, Career Education, Physical and Health Education, or Faith-based. For applicants from outside of Canada, the minimum number of senior-year courses will vary by jurisdiction. Students with fewer than the recommended number of Grade 12-level courses will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Academic assessment for the purpose of admission are based on final or in-progress Grade 11 and Grade 12 (or equivalent) course grades available in the spring. The minimum academic qualification for admission is secondary school graduation from a recognized secondary school. The Overall Academic Assessment (All Programs) The overall academic assessment is designed to broadly assess an applicant's academic history. The assessment is the same regardless of the program to which the student has applied and focuses on the marks presented in all academic Grade 11 and 12 coursework (regardless of the year in which the course was completed). Wherever possible, UBC will exclude the academic course with the applicant's lowest grade so long as the course is not required or relevant to the intended area of study at UBC. The Core Academic Assessment (Program-Specific) The core academic assessment is designed to assess an applicant's aptitude for a particular area of study within the university. The core academic assessment will vary depending upon the program to which the student has applied (see table outlining Program Requirements for Canadian Secondary School Applicants ). The assessment focuses on the grades presented in all relevant academic Grade 11 and 12 (or equivalent) coursework, although in cases where the student presents a course at both the Grade 11 and the Grade 12 level, emphasis is placed upon the mark obtained in the more senior-level course. There is not a minimum number of courses required for admission, but applicants are encouraged to challenge themselves with a substantial number of courses that are relevant to their intended area of study at UBC. Certain programs may require a competitive minimum grade in individual prerequisite courses used in the core academic assessment. Additional Considerations In addition to the marks presented in the academic Grade 11 and Grade 12 (or equivalent) coursework noted above, both the overall and the core assessments may be influenced by a number of factors. While none of the following are required to gain admission to UBC, where it is potentially to the student's advantage, the following may receive additional consideration: Breadth of coursework: Students are encouraged to pursue all their academic interests in secondary school. Students who evidence doing so by pursuing a heavier course load may be advantaged in the admissions process. This may also be evidenced by students who present dual high-school diplomas through a second language immersion program. Rigour of coursework: Students are encouraged to challenge themselves in secondary school. Students who evidence doing so by presenting more academic courses, including those that contain rigorous/first-year university content may be advantaged in the admissions process. This includes courses such as Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, Calculus, or Dual-Credit. Relevancy of coursework: Students are encouraged to pursue additional courses that are relevant to their intended area of study at UBC, even if the course marks are not used in the academic assessment. Students who evidence doing so may be advantaged in the admissions process. Examples include: applicants to the Faculty of Applied Science who present applied courses in electronics or robotics; applicants to the Faculty of Commerce and Business Administration who present applied courses in accounting or marketing. The relevancy of a particular course will be determined as part of the admissions process. Personal Circumstance: In some cases, it may not be possible for students to demonstrate breadth, rigour, and/or additional relevant courses. For example: an applicant may attend a school in a smaller community that does not offer a wide selection of courses; an applicant may take a smaller course load in secondary school to attend to family commitments (e.g. caring for younger sibling) or other personal circumstances (e.g. working a part time job to fund their education). Applicants will be invited to include this type of information with their application and such situations will be considered on a case-by-case basis within the undergraduate admissions process. As a general rule, grades received as a result of challenging a course may not be used in the academic assessment. However, students may use challenged courses to satisfy program prerequisites. If there are circumstances where an applicant must present a challenge-based mark for a required Grade 12 mathematics, science, or English course, or where a strong academic student wishes to challenge a UBC-required Grade 12 course in order to take a more advanced course load in high school, please contact UBC Admissions for consideration on a case-by-case basis. A minimum final grade of 70% in either any English language Arts 11 or English Studies 12 (or equivalent), including provincial examination, if required for course completion and/or graduation, is required for all programs. A minimum overall admission average of 70% or equivalent on a 50% pass scale is required for consideration to all undergraduate programs. Due to receipt of many more qualified applicants than there are spaces available in most programs, a higher academic achievement is often required. Applicants who, because of administrative difficulties in their school or because they have a physical, sensory, or specific learning disability, cannot present the courses as required, may be excused a specific admissions course requirement. Supporting documentation sent by the principal of the school concerned is required. All courses must be completed by June. Summer school courses or grades obtained in supplemental examinations will not be considered. All offers of admission are subject to satisfactory completion of secondary school graduation requirements, completion of all required courses, and maintenance of minimum university admission standards. Offers of admission may be withdrawn from students who do not satisfy these requirements. The Personal Profile In order to assess a student's preparedness and potential for university study, UBC will evaluate applicants on a broad range of criteria including academic performance, as well as personal experiences and achievements. The UBC personal profile consists of short answer questions where applicants are encouraged to share significant achievements, as well as what they have learned from their experiences and the challenges that they have overcome. Admissions UBC Undergraduate Admissions Student Declaration UBC Graduate Admissions Applicant Declaration Graduate Admission Procedures Undergraduate Admission Procedures Undergraduate Application and Document Deadlines Policy on Admissions Classification of Students English Language Admission Standard Toggle Submenu English Language Competence English Language Proficiency Tests Waiver of the English Language Admission Standard Conditional Admission Program Admission for Secondary School Applicants Program Requirements for Canadian Secondary School Applicants Applicants Following the BC/Yukon Secondary School Curriculum Toggle Submenu Minimum Academic Qualifications Post-secondary Courses that Count Toward BC or Yukon High School Graduation Post-secondary Courses Outside of High School Graduation Transition Program Concurrent Enrolment Policy British Columbia Adult Graduation Diploma (BCAGD) Applicants Following Canadian Secondary School Curriculum Homeschooled Secondary School Applicants Advanced Credit or Placement Applicants with International Baccalaureate and Advanced Placement Courses Applicants Following American Secondary School Curriculum Applicants Following Other International Secondary School Curricula International Applicants Applicants to Vantage College Applicants from a Post-Secondary Institution Toggle Submenu Introduction Applicants from a College or University Applicants from a CEGEP Program-Specific Prerequisites Maximum Allowable Transfer Credit Unassigned Credit Associate Degrees Credit Earned via Prior Learning Assessment or Challenge Bridging Programs and Pre-Majors Applicants from an Institute of Technology Appealing for Additional Credit Admission to Undergraduate Programs Requiring Prior Study Mature Applicants Canadian Aboriginal Applicants Applicants with Disabilities British Columbia Youth in Care Applicants Readmission Change of Degree Program Change of Campus Deferred Admission Registration in a Course or Program Admission Appeals UBC Academic Calendar Vancouver Campus 2016 1874 East Mall Vancouver, BC Canada V6T 1Z1 The University of British Columbia About UBC Contact UBC About the University News Events Careers Make a Gift Search UBC.ca UBC Campuses Vancouver Campus Okanagan Campus UBC Sites Robson Square Centre for Digital Media Faculty of Medicine Across BC Emergency Procedures | Terms of Use | UBC Copyright | Accessibility to top Calendar Sections Home Dates and Deadlines Academic Year Admissions Fees Establishment and Constitution Campus-wide Policies and Regulations Services, Facilities, and Organizations Research Units, Centres, and Institutes UBC Library Faculties, Colleges, and Schools Alternative Study Options Course Descriptions Emeriti Staff Enrolment Statistics 2025/26 Calendar History Calendar Archive Contact Us